Today is June 18th and it is Muiriel's birthday!
It was an evil bunny.
Everyone must learn on their own in the end.
I'll do my best not to disturb your studying.
I can only wonder if this is the same for everyone else.
Don't be worried.
The last person I told my idea to thought I was nuts.
If the world weren't in the shape it is now, I could trust anyone.
Most people think I'm crazy.
It's not surprising.
Are you joking?
I don't want to be lame, I want to be cool!!
America is a lovely place to be, if you are here to earn money.
I'm so fat.
When I woke up, I was sad.
I thought you liked to learn new things.
People can't live forever.
I don't want to lose my ideas, even though some of them are a bit extreme.
I think I have a theory about that.
My physics teacher doesn't care if I skip classes.
Thanks for having explained to me at last why people take me for an idiot.
That wasn't my intention.
Thank you for your explanation.
Except that here, it's not so simple.
I like candlelight.
It's not much of a surprise, is it?
You can probably guess what happens though.
Therein lies the problem.
I learned to live without her.
The only useful answers are those that raise new questions.
A cat? asked the old man.
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.
The whole is greater than the sum of the parts.
Our plane was flying above the clouds.
Mike has a few friends in Florida.
I'm running as fast as I can to run him down.
Please give me another chance.
Much snow has fallen.
We have snow in January.
The Rhine flows between France and Germany.
The Star Festival is in July.
He is a scientist who is respected by everybody.
No, Chinese dishes are the best.
It took me three days to clean the room.
The exhibition is already open.
The author has a beautiful style.
It was a quiet winter evening.
I don't like apples.
It's obvious to everyone that he's a genius.
He took off his hat.
The earth is about six times as large as the moon.
This noise is driving me crazy.
He risked his life to save her.
The leader of the party is a famous scientist.
Her daughter eloped with a young author.
I had a strange dream last night.
I paid him last week.
Love is blind.
It has been a week since they met.
I have a terrible headache.
He interrupted our conversation.
I have a high temperature.
He felt very lonely.
He can't be trusted.
What is this nonsense?
He was a widower, but a year after his son's wedding, he could not hold it any longer and also got married.
Not all red apples taste the same.
By no means may you cut out the pictures from the books on the bookshelf.
Let's play a game of blind man's buff.
Regardless how loud you scream "Oo-oo!", you won't turn into a wolf.
You'll sleep in the guestroom?
Mommy, why don't I have an uncle with a beard?
He was trying so hard that he turned red.
When I grow up, I'll be a pilot. And what will you be?
Now this is something. What wonderful presents! Boy am I happy!
Plato is a friend, but the truth is a greater friend.
I came; I saw; I conquered.
Man is a wolf to man.
Horses are useful animals.
Tastes differ.
Silence implies consent.
The doctor advised him to stop working too much.
Will you join our club?
By the time the sun sets, we will arrive at the destination.
Don't bother yourself about me.
He got off at the next bus stop.
You may leave out the details.
I have no interest in ordinary people.
Stop playing tricks on your brother.
Sunday is not an ordinary day to me.
I didn't marry him because he is rich.
It has been almost 50 years since World War II ended.
I think she is withholding information from the police.
I awoke to find a burglar in my room.
There are more clouds today than yesterday.
He asked me to wake him at six.
I have a habit of getting up early.
Do you have any pencils?
It is impossible to get him to understand the new theory.
He has made the same mistake twice.
He picked up the wrong hat by mistake.
At last, I finished this homework.
Can you quote a line of Hamlet?
I prefer Noh to Kabuki, because the former looks more elegant to me than the latter.
Her eyes flashed with joy.
Millions of people starve to death every year.
That group is presently very active.
Do you know where Tokyo Tower is?
He was deserted by his friends.
Her smile expressed her thanks.
The story reminded me of my father.
The question is whether she can be trusted.
I've decided what to cook for dinner.
I agree with you on this.
Either you or I am in the wrong.
My grandfather gave me a birthday present.
Please write down my address.
Where are you going to spend the vacation?
You have only to push the button.
Not all that glitters, is gold.
Forewarned is forearmed.
The girl sings and dances and then laughs at me.
Are you planning to take part in the meeting?
My wife is a poor driver.
This book is too difficult to understand.
His mother is worried about him.
She's a beauty.
I learned French instead of German.
It is up to you whether to buy it or not.
How do you want your eggs?
There is one apple on the desk.
I arrived at school on time.
I've been to Kyoto twice.
Please hand in the necessary papers.
They live nearby.
All of the rules must be in line with company policy.
Could you bring me a blanket?
She has a boyfriend she's been going out with since high school but feels their relationship has become a matter of habit and is increasingly dissatisfied.
The railroad system in Japan is said to be wonderful.
I almost got hit by a car.
I was moved to tears by the story.
I like the actor.
I asked for the key and went upstairs to my room.
She turned on the light.
Can't you ever be punctual? I have been waiting here for one hour.
Life's a ruin without you.
I'm running out of ideas.
PLEASE give me a visa.
John took advantage of Bill's weakness.
All piggybackers are pigs!
The structure of the brain is complicated.
Everyone is a moon, and has a dark side which he never shows to anybody.
In its home country, France, Tatoeba became a social and cultural phenomenon.
The world is changing more and more quickly.
The essence of liberty is mathematics.
Brothers Grimm’s Little Red Riding Hood has a neutral gender, while Charles Perrault’s has a masculine one.
Summer has ended.
Mayuko eats bread for breakfast.
Do you have a pencil?
Could you please tell me how to get to the station?
Four families were killed in the fire.
Please turn on the TV.
The cause of the fire was unknown.
She committed a crime.
It's hard to complain against such good people.
Good bye!
Goodbye, Sayoko.
She said goodbye.
The trains in Serbia are terribly slow.
He runs off to the lab every half hour.
Are you interested in flowers?
The teacher told us to stop chattering.
Do you have a pen? "Yes, I have one."
The best lecture that you can attend is the one you won't understand.
I'm joking.
Turn on the light, please.
Because we love you, we are updating Tatoeba to bring you a better user experience. See? We love you huh?
All you can do is trust one another.
Can you please tell me why there seem to be two churches in every village?
I want to go to Lviv...
I must have made a mistake.
I'm terribly hungry.
What's the most convenient way to get to Tokyo Station?
Everything which flies will sooner or later fall down.
Every person has a right to defend themselves.
They respect him.
Are you interested in music?
This apple is very red.
Don't you like apples?
I know that he can draw.
I know that he can draw.
Aren't you Mr. Ogawa? "Yes, I am. Can I help you?"
Thanks in advance.
Can you recommend me a good camera?
I study abroad.
He got a better score than us.
After all, even the gods may err at times.
Hunger is the best sauce.
Money is the root of all evil.
The South of Africa is far away.
The South of Africa is far away.
Don't make trouble.
The conference will end tomorrow.
Turn the radio up a little.
He's eating an apple.
I saw John at the library.
Mr. Popescu's office is on the tenth floor.
Not every lamp is magic.
Who is the boy that is swimming over there?
Spring has come later this year compared with last year.
My sister married a high school teacher last June.
Mike really thought your sister was something else.
Finally, my sister got married.
The proof is left to the reader.
The correspondent filed a report from Moscow.
There is an air service between Tokyo and Moscow.
I'm sure Taeko was scared and tried to get Yuri to go along with her.
You should not be absent without notice.
Because you're a sweet and lovely girl.
This is an animal found in that desert.
I couldn't help laughing out.
To the Hilton Hotel, please.
Please show me your passport.
Clear away the table things.
She promised me that she would come at three.
We didn't see many deer in the forest.
I took it for granted that you were on my side.
Please don't bother about lunch because I'm not hungry.
She kept on working.
I arrived here yesterday.
We took a rest one after the other.
She's too young to get married.
I'm proud of working with you.
All men are equal according to the law.
I'm going to the park.
She decided not to attend the meeting.
I have a dream.
I can swim.
I'll never let you down.
She was scared to cross the road.
The restaurant doesn't do lunch.
Since we've gotten talking about Shakespeare... have you already read his composition?
That is a hotel.
He's sure that he'll be able to pass the next examination.
Have you begun studying English?
He committed himself to the investigation.
Could you show me the way to the port?
I met an elderly woman.
The dog looks hungry.
I love sports.
Close the door before going to bed.
They say love is blind.
Don't worry about the past.
There is a large garden at the back of his house.
Everyone believes his story since there is no evidence to the contrary.
The detective took down his testimony on the spot, word for word.
Yes, we have met before, said Mr Jordan.
We're worried about Grandpa and Grandma.
There's a great view from the rooftop of that building. Want to go see?
You've got to help me! Every night I have the same horrible dream.
You should memorize as many English words as possible.
That's the computer on which he writes his articles.
She got a part-time job so that she could study at college.
A republic is a nation whose head is not a king or queen, but a president.
Don't get in people's way.
If it had not been for his error, we would have won.
God willing...
The content of his speech was interesting.
He doesn't know how to swim.
I have no small change on me.
I am going to need your help.
Life is too short to learn German.
Good luck on the test!
Can I order from the breakfast menu?
The boy has an apple in his pocket.
Do you want to know my secret? It's very simple...
Do you want to know my secret? It's very simple...
The telephone is just a wonderful device.
They are engaged in cancer research.
Can you pick it up?
We have good news.
I believe that he'll do fine.
He made a very valuable discovery.
Never go across the street without looking for cars first.
He was so drunk that his explanation did not make sense.
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.
In case I can’t come, I’ll give you a call beforehand.
He had a large family to support.
I'm beside myself with joy.
Someone has walked off with my pencil.
She gave me a wonderful present.
The discovery of a new type of meal contributes more to humankind than the discovery of a new star.
Pleasure's a sin, and sometimes sin's a pleasure.
This is a post office, and that's a bank.
Where can I get a telephone card?
You're a wonderful guy.
Give credit where credit is due.
The Seine flows through Paris.
Judging from what you say, he must be a great writer.
He answered by saying that he could swim well.
The teacher quizzed his pupils on English.
My sister married a doctor.
This coat is nice, but too expensive.
He tried it over and over again.
He may be a genius.
Keep my words in mind.
I arrived at the station.
I don't doubt that he will help me.
Will you marry me?
I don't use taxis unless it's absolutely necessary.
The river flows through the town.
He lost his spirit.
There's a yellow rose there.
The world is a den of crazies.
The first was the school uniform.
The meat is tough.
The moon is a satellite of the earth.
She gave birth to twins a week ago.
A foolish idea came into my mind.
I have no leisure for sport.
They complained about their low wages.
Don't you know Mr. Brown?
I want you to meet him in order to hear his opinion.
The whole class passed the exam.
He availed himself of the rain.
I am interested in American literature.
Will you remind me to post these letters?
You should not have done it without my permission.
This medicine helps relieve muscle pain.
I can't afford $40 for one book!
He is what we call a musical genius.
I couldn't help laughing when I heard that story.
Lock the windows before going to bed.
She has caught up with you in every respect.
There is a kite flying above the tree.
Mother is more anxious about the result of the examination than I am.
The weak are food for the strong.
I take for granted that my answer is correct.
I poured water into the bucket.
He gave his daughter quite a lot of money.
She is devoted to sport.
We followed the tracks of the criminal.
My mother attempted to reconcile the couple.
Should he be given another chance, he would do his best.
I'd like to make it clear that I will not change my mind.
I warned you not to do so, didn't I?
Doubtless you have heard the news.
Sorry, but I'm not very interested in that subject.
It will not be long before man can travel to the moon.
For the most part, I agree with what he said.
The old man was accompanied by his grandchild.
The coward is the first to raise his fist.
We didn't move so that we would not wake him up.
Did you come from a musical family?
He lives in a small town by Osaka.
I've a yen for adventures.
Make yourself presentable.
They often complain about the cost of living in Tokyo.
This lesson should be kept in mind.
This hotel does not serve lunch.
It doesn't require a scholar to interpret.
The number of tourists has increased greatly in recent years.
We got the meeting over with quickly.
In all my career as a travel agent, I never visited Africa.
He has to support his mother and his sister.
I prefer reading to writing.
I must be content with my present salary.
Let's resume reading where we left off last week.
Unless I am mistaken, I've seen that man before.
You can hear English on Channel 1, and Japanese on Channel 7.
Thanks to the opportunity, we were able to avoid substantial effort.
The house whose roof you can see is Mr Baker's.
He is holding his books under his arm.
The news caused alarm throughout the village.
How much was the additional charge?
Keep your room as neat as you can.
We are badly in want of water.
He didn't notice the change, but I did.
He made a journey to Paris.
I take exercise for health.
The child followed me to the park.
I have a strong backhand.
There are many people in the world who complain that they are too busy to read.
I asked him a question.
If I knew how to use a computer, maybe they would pay me more.
She said, "I arrived here yesterday."
The words poison and potion are cognates.
He was blind from birth.
Bill replaced Jim as captain.
His wife gave birth to twins.
Nobody answered the telephone.
He came up to Tokyo on business.
He got out of the room in anger.
I'll get it through in a couple of minutes.
Over three thousand people attended the concert.
Your exam today will be very significant for your future.
After the meeting she headed straight to her desk.
Yoko is unable to buy a computer.
I had a good time during the trip.
She has beauty and what passes for intelligence.
Please wake me for breakfast.
He cheated her into believing it was true.
She was almost knocked down by a car.
The examination he took last week was very hard.
She promised me to come.
I'll pick you up at your home at five.
I taught Miyuki how to keep a dog indoors.
Don't touch the grass.
I can swim on my front but not on my back.
Mr Morikawa's continually complaining about something.
My dream is to become a teacher.
I made an appointment to see the doctor at four o'clock.
I missed the bus.
He is leaving for New York next week.
Everybody in the village looks up to him.
Catch a signal.
She asked me whether she could use the telephone.
I don't want your pity.
She prides herself on her many accomplishments.
We have to take advantage of this situation.
Could you exchange it with a different one?
There are no mistakes in your composition.
What time does the dining room open?
If I were a bird, I would fly to you.
Fortunately, I was on time.
At times, I can't trust him.
Grandmother sent us a box of apples.
I refuse to discuss the question.
We are to get married in June.
We had a glorious time at the seaside.
We can't really throw it away!
In Switzerland, spring comes in May.
She hid the secret from her husband all her life.
Please teach me English.
Hold your breath, please.
The students sat still, listening to the lecture.
My father warned me against crossing the road.
I was not present at that meeting.
I just can't make up my mind.
Turn on the radio.
I have seldom heard from her.
The next Shinkansen train leaves at just nine o'clock.
She is always complaining about something or other.
We eat soup with a spoon.
My leg was broken in a traffic accident.
My leg was broken in a traffic accident.
He was not an apt person for the task.
It looks like an apple.
In general, it may be said that he is a genius in music.
We're out of stock now.
Mr Johnson is not a scholar but a poet.
Kindly address yourself to the chairman, not directly to other representatives at this meeting.
Jack has a cat under his arm.
When my old man kicked the bucket last month, he left me only enough money to pay my debt with.
He was in the habit of getting up early.
You must keep up a good relationship with your neighbors.
He made a model airplane for his son.
You've both been very impressive today. I'm proud of you.
Both are my colleagues.
Their life's really not so bad.
Her song is well known to the young people.
Lithuania is joining the European Union.
As far as I know, this is the best one.
He's up to no good.
I had a horrible dream last night.
I gave three pencils to each of them.
Saying what you think frankly is not a bad thing.
We get along great.
He has just arrived here.
Puffy AmiYumi is a Japanese rock band.
We hardly have time to eat breakfast.
It was a strange chance that we met there again.
She asked several question of us.
Mr Brown is not as old as he looks.
I learned to study and play like my Japanese friends.
There was a convention last month.
She was too short to see over the fence.
He saved the baby at the cost of his life.
He had no hat on.
That group is presently very active.
How deep is Lake Biwa?
How would you like to join the dance club?
Hokkaido is to the north of Honshu.
But we do know many things about his character, thanks to letters and notebooks he left behind and other people's stories about him.
It is almost 12 o'clock.
There is not much doubt about the cause of the fire.
Masaru wants to join the English Club.
As far as the eye could reach, there was no sign of life.
I advised him against smoking.
How did you like Linda's concert?
They will never agree.
She felt insecure about her future.
We arrived at the station as the train was leaving.
It is said that the weather on the mountain changes easily.
He was almost asleep.
Much to my joy, I have passed the examination.
She has a genius for music.
She advised him not to eat too much.
The sick child sat up in bed.
She is hard on him.
The policeman was off duty.
You can't hate the guy.
May I help you clear the table?
You had better make use of this opportunity.
I cannot put up with his bad manners any longer.
We ate some apples.
The morning sun is so bright that I cannot see it.
I've been to Paris twice.
He began working in earnest.
I don't agree with you smoking.
It may safely be said that he is a genius.
May I use this pencil?
I want to go on a journey around the world if possible.
You've drunk three cups of coffee.
Please put a lump of sugar in my coffee.
My aunt showed me how to make good coffee.
Older carpets are more valuable than newer carpets.
Can I just ask a few questions?
That's where you're mistaken.
It will take you at least half an hour to go from here to the city on foot.
Children are open to various influences.
I prefer to write in cursive.
Sitting on the chair, she listened to me.
The examination is at hand.
I'll get off here.
You had better not make a noise here.
Father is in the habit of reading the paper before breakfast.
You must be tired after such a long trip.
There weren't any roses in the garden.
He went to Atami for a change of air.
He went on a one-day trip.
A customer wanted to know who the head honcho was.
She can ask and answer questions.
Well, it'll do for the time being.
Stop seeing me as a "normal" person!
We sat on a bench in the park.
They asked me to make a speech at short notice.
There are buttons on the coat.
Let me know about the result of the exam.
The teacher told them not to swim in the river.
I am in communication with her now.
Pepperberg can show Alex two objects (for example, a green square and a red square) and ask, "What's different?"
I walked softly for fear of waking the baby.
The long cruel winter at last came to an end, giving place to a gentle warm spring.
May I have this dance?
I bought two tickets for the concert.
What a good shot!
The root of the problem is a lack of communication between departments.
Meat won't keep long in this heat.
The entire crew takes pride in its work.
But my older sister is good at swimming.
You don't know how worried I am.
The public convenience should be respected.
He said 'Goodbye everyone' and stood up.
She was excused attendance at the meeting.
The stars are shining in the sky.
I nodded to show that I agreed.
A cloud passed across the moon.
I wonder why she is so worried.
The leaves go brown in fall.
You must be the temporary we asked for.
You must promise not to take the rope off.
May I ask a question?
We have to transmit our culture to the next generation.
Isn't it a lovely morning?
He sensed that threat early in his career.
It's a pity.
We tried to make the most of our chances.
The station is nearby.
I was delighted at the news of her success.
I was lucky enough to get a good seat.
Who buys tickets to ride in their own motor car?
I admit that what you say is true, but I don't like the way you say it.
They sell meat at this store.
I'm setting off tonight.
She gave him the elbow yesterday.
She makes a point of taking a shower before breakfast.
We are firmly confident of victory.
Opportunity seldom knocks twice.
J.F. Kennedy was buried in Arlington Cemetery.
His child's life is in danger.
Will you take us for a drive next Sunday?
I worry more about you than the future of Japan.
My secretary has a good command of English.
He's been grounded for a week.
It is their only choice.
I'm sure he is holding back something from us.
Living costs are getting higher.
Please feel free to call me up.
Unfortunately, the food supplies gave out before the end of winter.
He got so he could play the piece easily.
I'm happy with it.
I ate a quarter of a cake.
Are there any famous musicians on the stage?
In Japan, school starts in April.
You are wasting time.
His experiments came to a standstill.
My heart beats fast each time I see her.
What do you usually have for breakfast?
The rain didn't stop them from doing their job.
He did not consent to his daughter's marriage.
He let the visitor into the living room.
This tie goes very well with your shirt.
The doctor advised that she take a holiday.
Every morning she helps her mother to prepare breakfast in the kitchen.
I'm sorry we gave you such short notice of our visit.
There was a message for me, wasn't there?
That's your responsibility.
I would rather starve than work under him.
He is at once stern and tender.
I am not used to drinking coffee without sugar.
You had better take his youth into account.
He is a great statesman, and what is more a great scholar.
We set out on our journey full of hope.
She was proud that she had shaken hands with the President of the U.S.
Gather roses while you may.
I want to hear all your news.
She gave me the fish eye.
We are definitely leaving this country.
It is important to maintain your body temperature at a suitable level.
I have good news for you.
As far as I know, he is the shortest student in this school.
The baby cannot walk yet.
When it's necessary, you can come to me.
Broken glass lay scattered all over the road.
What's your major field?
This hat suits me nicely.
I think he is Mr Brown.
Hatred is never appeased by hatred in this world.
He made a sharp turn to the right.
He was absolved of his sin.
Perry obtained precious information from him.
The trucks had failed the inspection, but the drivers took them out anyway.
Other things being equal, I choose the cheaper one.
Light travels around the earth seven and a half times a second.
We queued up to get tickets for the concert.
My father finally learned to drive when he was fifty.
She was afraid to make a speech.
Please read between the lines.
I am sorry that she is absent from the conference.
The tree was struck by lightning.
Will you take me there?
How about stopping the car and taking a rest?
People of my generation all think the same way about this.
I would like to pay with cash.
Would it bother you if I smoke?
My mother taught me how to make osechi.
How can I succeed in getting a date with Nancy?
She gave the children two apples each.
In marriage there should be equal give and take.
Buy land. They ain't making any more of the stuff.
How were your last exams?
Are you interested in foreign languages?
I went on with my reading.
She's a real beauty.
The Law is harsh, but it is the Law.
It was such a fine day that many children were playing in the park.
Every great writer seems to have been interested in English.
The action took place in a mountain village.
The action took place in a mountain village.
He is the last man to deceive me.
Birds fly in the sky.
Then John gave this testimony.
Never trust a woman with a pistol in hand.
He was forced to work part-time to study abroad.
If she had not studied English here, she could not have passed the examination.
Boys can be trained to behave.
We like swimming in the ocean.
A sailor is at sea much of the time.
That company is one of the best in the business.
She looks better in Japanese clothes.
It’s not a bug, it’s an undocumented feature.
His joke made us all laugh.
The ship from New York will arrive before long.
He carries a bag on his back.
Please don't leave valuable things here.
Goodbye. See you tomorrow.
May I put it on again?
We went due north.
Mr Newman often comes to Japan.
His theory is widely accepted as valid.
Can I pay on credit?
Where can I find an outlet for all my anger?
Bring me my hat.
It gave me quite a shock.
You have to turn in the reports on Monday.
A fire broke out in this neighborhood last night.
The mail arrives before you go.
The students are listening to a history lecture.
If other conditions are equal, the temperature must be the most influential element in this experiment.
Mike acted as chairperson of the meeting.
That tower you see over there is the Eiffel Tower.
Would you like another apple?
One of the cats is black, the other is brown.
This is a slow but certain way.
My son passed in three subjects at A level.
He laid his head on the pillow.
I want to live forever.
Some like tea, others prefer coffee.
Everyone was enjoying the journey.
He has a good command of English.
I have to take these books back to the library.
We went up and down by elevator.
It is believed that the festival comes from the South Pacific islands.
Drugs should be used only at the direction of a doctor.
I didn't have the heart to tell him the truth.
The information is useful to a great many people.
That had not occurred to him before.
Finally, my sister got married.
I sighed with relief to hear it.
Nancy put her elbows on her knees.
I heard it from a reliable source.
I love apples.
The driver couldn't have stopped at the signal.
The walls supported the entire weight of the roof.
I cast about for a suitable reply.
Do you play any sports?
Don't be that worried.
I doubt that I'm a good writer.
Truth is in wine.
He who risks nothing, gains nothing.
Keep quiet and behave well!
I am determined to give up smoking.
He told me all the details.
It is necessary for that car to have a check.
It is not very polite, either.
She married a musician.
She was in a sad state.
I do not doubt it in the least.
It was so dark.
He is above finding fault with others.
I don't think it worthwhile doing such a thing.
There is a very old temple in the town.
Do you mind if I open the window?
She took a casual glance at the book.
Who planned that trip?
Mike has a friend who lives in Chicago.
Lao Gan Ma and I have a love-hate relationship.
Bon voyage!
Bon voyage!
USSR stands for "Union of Soviet Socialist Republics".
This knife is so dull that it can't cut.
Fish can't live out of water.
I'll tell you only if you promise to keep it to yourself.
I perceive by your face that you have good news.
Someone has stolen all my money.
Nobody equals him in strength.
I wouldn't object if you wanted to go with her.
What a small world!
The baby's age is now two years.
You can omit the last chapter of the book.
Susan has promised her mother that she will call her to let her know that they have arrived safely.
There is a lamp on the ceiling.
The park lies in the center of the city.
It's a wonderful work of art.
You seem to be insensible of their good intentions.
All the students are present.
The gate was too narrow for the truck.
I cannot help laughing at her jokes.
Would you please tell me when to get off?
He came up to Tokyo with a big dream.
She gave birth to her first child at twenty years old.
I am left with all the responsibility.
These apples are good cookers.
He disagreed with his father.
The vacation is over now.
They installed a vending machine at work.
He's here trying to stir up trouble.
What makes him hated?
The quality of higher education must answer to the highest international standards.
There were fifty passengers in the bus.
I had to pay a large sum of money to get it back.
Captains have responsibility for ship and crew.
No matter what you may say, I will not change my mind.
Had I had enough money, I would have bought that computer.
Some questions were asked me by the teacher.
The old lady climbed the stairs with difficulty.
He embarked on a new study.
After he heard the news, Tom was in seventh heaven.
Damon showed me his stamp album.
I had a funny dream last night.
Everyone is entitled to be moody once in a while.
See what the baby is doing!
Everyone shouted for joy when they heard the news.
Mariko's parents are strongly opposed to her marrying an American.
Are there any letters for me in today's mail?
The policeman took the thief by the arm.
He is not fond of sports, and I am not either.
She is a good dancer.
My daughter prefers science to languages or art.
The situation in Afghanistan demonstrates America's goals, and our need to work together.
You made the mistake on purpose, didn't you?
Do good to those who hate you.
They fooled the boy into stealing his father's watch.
Talking of sports, what sports do you play?
He has fallen into the habit of putting his hands into his pockets.
The boy was expelled from music school when he was 12.
The youngest boy dropped behind the other hikers.
Your words of encouragement meant a lot to me.
Bill was killed by that man.
Don't complain about that. You've asked for it.
The assistant kept $2.
Western clothes are easier to work in than Japanese clothes.
Stop resting your elbows on the table.
The telephone number is 234-6868, and my room is 1228.
Paul ran his hand through his hair.
There still is time until leaving.
This method has no application to the case.
He had the kindness to take me to the hospital.
You should try to behave better.
The radio is broken.
I want to oppose such a foolish plan.
She went to Italy to study music.
Write this down.
The baby is now at the stage of talking.
There are many monkeys in the mountain.
He is quite satisfied with his income.
She will cope with difficult problems.
The moon is shining brightly.
She claimed to be the owner of the land.
He did nothing but fold his arms.
Do to others as you would be done by?
Is it true that you can't swim?
The shop is kept under police supervision.
He has eyes in the back of his head.
They really did win.
He hung up before I could say anything.
The plane flew east.
She is what is called a woman of culture.
The child had no overcoat on although it was very cold.
I called him a coward to his face.
FEN does not carry domestic news.
The meeting will start at four o'clock sharp.
I do not put my complete confidence in him.
The company is bringing out a new kind of sport car.
I was on the train for twelve hours.
Could you bring my breakfast to room 305?
He is lying on the bench.
Don't split hairs.
Time flies like an arrow.
Time flies like an arrow.
Fancy forgetting my glasses, it's so embarrassing.
It was quite dark when I got home.
She asked him to carry her bag.
It is not in his nature to be hard on other people.
Parents are proud of their children when they do well in school.
She started crying.
Animal bodies are made up of cells.
He ate all of it.
The baby can't walk, much less run.
Let's sing and dance.
I'm breast-feeding my baby.
It's folly to eat so much.
The report is not encouraging sales wise.
I don't like long drives.
At low temperatures, water turns to ice.
He will learn to do it in three hours.
Nancy told me about the fire.
The committee are all present.
I paid about 50 dollars.
I love her none the less for her faults.
I'm afraid the book is beyond the reach of his understanding.
As soon as he went to bed, he fell asleep.
Our meeting like that is probably the kind of thing that only happens once.
A crow is as black as coal.
At long last he made up his mind to propose to her.
Bill never fails to send a birthday present to his mother.
Mr Johnson is a rich man.
This is a worthwhile book.
It's Spain that they are going to on holiday.
My house is on a hill.
I'm sorry, I don't have change.
This metal burnishes well.
The moon shines at night.
He looked at the cows in the fields.
I'll start my work on the first of July.
There wasn't anything like enough light to read by.
Please turn on the TV.
Workers made loud demands for higher wages.
You are my equal; not my inferior or superior.
He added a little sugar and milk to his tea.
He made the best of the opportunity.
They failed to take into account the special needs of old people.
Dark clouds are a sign of rain.
The truck dumped the sand on the ground.
She is the pride of her class.
They have no sense of sin.
No one gave him a good chance.
You're welcome to any book in my library.
We must defend our freedom at all cost.
It's hard for him to live on his small pension.
Stop writing and hand your paper in.
She doesn't like to sing sad songs.
Passengers poured out to the road.
Whatever you may say, I will not change my opinion.
Don't sneak out of the concert!
He can't go without wine for even a day.
He left his native village never to return.
He had an accident and broke his leg.
He is at home in a variety of fields.
The man that you saw there yesterday was Mr Brown.
I am interested in Asian history.
When do we hand in the report?
Everything should be done in accordance with the rules.
There are many mysteries in life.
Don't try to find fault with others.
He professes ignorance of the fact.
What difference does this make?
That's good news to me.
You must account for your absence from the meeting.
I'd like to know the phone number of the nearest American Express office.
She must be from the South.
Terry was very pleased with the news.
I wish you a good journey.
This play has ended.
Education doesn't consist of learning a lot of facts.
This coat may well fit you.
A terrible accident happened in his absence.
He is second to none.
Is there intelligent life on other planets?
This is a handy little box.
The trip will take at least a week.
Can you break away from your parents?
I'm glad to hear that your sister is out of danger after her operation.
He's not in the least interested in what is happening in the world.
Stop hiding your head in the sand.
This watch is of great value.
They weren't able to discover any secrets.
Until quite recently, people in developed countries didn't care much about the environment.
I'm studying music.
Come to my concert tomorrow evening.
Don't buy things on credit.
In those days, I was accustomed to taking a walk before breakfast.
She sank under the surface of the water.
The old man is possessed of great wealth.
Lincoln was a great statesman.
I'll take the responsibility on my shoulders.
I could read between the lines.
Devote your whole attention to your duties.
When he got the letter, he burned it without reading it.
She takes pride in her son.
You must take into account the fact that he is too young.
Man is a rational animal.
It was such a wonderful movie that I saw it five times.
His joke set everyone laughing.
I often go swimming in the river.
I heard this from a safe source.
Does she have any merit?
He asked a question about it.
Autumn is the best season for reading.
He prepared supper by himself.
Unfortunately I hit the morning rush hour.
His body was shaking in anger.
They looked up to John as their leader.
Pet Sematary was a real cliff-hanger.
Stick with me until we get out of the crowd.
I can no more swim than a fish can walk.
The examination will be held this day next week, said the teacher.
When a big ape emerged from the cave, they got frightened and ran away.
You can see the whole park from the restaurant.
Mr Smith married his daughter to a doctor.
Sooner or later, we'll have to tackle the problem in earnest.
All the exams are now behind us.
They quarreled as to which was easier, French or German.
He managed to get there in time.
This theory is true of Japan.
You have to be joking.
Give me your telephone number.
I tried to forget that she had cried.
His income has been reduced after he changed his job.
The girl wore yellow ribbons in her hair.
My father has a cup of coffee every day.
Let me pay tonight.
April is the fourth month of the year.
This river flows too fast to swim in.
Tom made some mistakes on the test.
His large income enables him to travel abroad every year.
The pillar tilted to the right and fell.
He goes to the library to read books.
If I were you, I would follow his advice.
You should have taken a chance then.
His college boasts the finest view in the city.
A man like that gets on my nerves.
He keeps some mice for the purpose of studying.
I have no objection to the boy reading a book.
The plane crashed suddenly.
Will you leave a message?
It's so cold here that we can't do without an overcoat.
They must have made a mistake.
Her mother is arriving by the 9:10 train.
I did wrong in trusting such a fellow.
He knows better than to marry her.
She lives on a small pension.
The list of participants is as follows.
The car crashed into the truck.
Sales should double this year.
Take the road on the right.
Is it used in order to keep things cold?
I cannot hear such a story without weeping.
This is a small token of my gratitude.
In Japan, the new school year begins in April.
That's a bright idea.
She seldom, if ever, goes to bed before eleven.
Give me a second chance.
They made room for the old lady on the train.
One of the apples fell to the ground.
His story of the collision agrees with mine.
She's also a beauty.
Fever indicates sickness.
The students assisted the professor in the investigation.
I want to get off at the next stop.
He is learning how to drive a car.
This ability to communicate helps us a lot.
Please keep quiet.
She is used to handling this machine.
I may not be able to cope with those problems.
They were dancing to the music.
He is as great a statesman as any.
It is freezing cold.
May I have an ice bag?
The dog ran away at the sight of me.
I wish to express my deep appreciation for your kindness.
Nagano beat Salt Lake City by 46 votes to 42.
I know the real reason for his absence.
Because she believed in God, she had nothing to worry about.
I gave a speech at the wedding yesterday.
He likes swimming in summer.
She is hard on them.
On hearing the sound, the dog rushed away.
The meeting room is downstairs.
The doctor arrived in time to save her.
My father hates my reading a newspaper at breakfast.
I think you have sent me a wrong order.
I got control of the works.
I'm very fond of joking.
No, I don't, said Mr Jordan.
The evidence was against me.
There are a lot of roses in this garden.
The meeting will be held at 10:30 a.m. on Saturday.
Smiling cheerfully, the two began to walk off into their brilliant future.
The hike will take no less than eight hours.
When are you going to say, I do?
The probability of this chain of events all happening at once is one in 2 million flights - about once every two months at current levels of air traffic.
I'll make this a special case, but try to keep it short.
Weren't you there? asked Mr Jordan.
I was scared at the mere thought of it.
He applied himself to this scientific study.
You had better not wander around here by yourself.
My father is proud of being tall and handsome.
It's pride that drives her.
The writer's furniture is all shown in this museum.
I paid him four dollars.
He refused to listen to our request for help.
George's heart was broken.
I completely agree with you.
That you will pass the exam is certain.
When everybody's crossing on a red, it's not so scary.
How would you like to go to a dance?
Drink water from a stream.
You remind me of your mother whenever I meet you.
This side of the house catches the morning sun.
A new means of communication was developed — the railway.
His scientific discovery unlocked many mysteries.
I watch television twice a week.
Can your mother drive a car?
I put on a little weight last year.
When does he get back from his trip?
I'm taking a vacation from July 20 through August 8.
He did it simply out of curiosity.
We drove through village after village, until we got to our destination.
I spoke to a child on the street, but he ended up running away.
Don't take advantage of others' weakness.
She is backward in expressing her opinion.
She looked me angrily in the face.
I can't tell who will arrive first.
It's been nice meeting you.
I wonder if you could tell me if there is a post office in this area.
He will ultimately pass the exam.
The musical program has gone off very well.
Everything eventually gets easier with practice.
I tried to get him to learn to drive.
I didn't get your last name.
She's got a good eye for paintings.
Something is grating on her nerves.
There is no rule, but there are some exceptions.
If we take this additional evidence into consideration, the second law must be modified.
He exclaimed that I should not touch the gun.
Don't worry. You'll make it.
He stood up with his hat in his hand.
You see, Kyohei, this question ... it's about saline solution but ...
Please remind me to turn in the paper tomorrow.
Quite a few people were present at the meeting yesterday.
Water in a solid state is called ice.
The government is trying to bring things back to normal.
You must not lose sight of your goal in life.
I live in a small town.
He expressed regret over the affair.
Your success will largely depend upon how you will make good use of your opportunity.
My explanation may sound strange.
She advised me to go there.
I just hope it makes it in time.
You seem to have gained some weight.
There is no sugar in the bowl.
He told his children not to make so much noise.
The teacher gave us homework.
A small stream runs by my house.
Life is like a journey.
As it is cold, you may keep your overcoat on.
The author dedicated the book to his sister.
I use the computer.
She kept the secret in her bosom.
Kabuki is an old Japanese art.
I will buy cassette tapes.
She succeeded in getting him to tell the truth.
Are you getting off?
Every day, my brother borrows a new book from the library.
It's too late to shut the stable door after the horse has bolted.
Sleeping on a carpet is great.
Don't have a cow.
They are both colleagues of mine.
Do you have any apples?
Do you know how to drive?
He admitted that he stole the gold.
He admitted that he stole the gold.
Let's sit down on that bench.
Write down your name with a pencil, please.
Please remember what he said.
My wife hates cats.
I love trips.
We have a colleague in Spain.
How long does it take to go from here to the Hilton Hotel?
It took me two hours to memorize this sentence.
Will you turn on the television?
It was such a hot day that we went swimming.
Not all of us are born with musical talent.
It is impossible to resolve the conflict.
You shouldn't rely on other people's help.
The noise will wake the baby up.
It's to see your face well.
This medicine tastes bitter.
The view from the top of that building was magnificent.
The child was paralyzed with fear.
I got that news from Hashimoto.
They are proud of their clever son.
How did you enjoy your vacation?
He changed his address.
You've acted foolishly and you will pay for it.
I almost went crazy with fear.
When will they arrive?
Martin Luther King, Jr., a man of peace, was killed by an assassin's bullet.
Write down his address.
He withdrew his hand from the table.
The Steve Miller Band released a new album in June of 2010.
The thief ran away in the direction of the station.
Please wake me up at six tomorrow morning.
What a pity!
I'm getting off the train at the next stop.
They do nothing but complain.
I have a sore throat and a slight fever.
I am thirsty. I would like to have a cup of coffee.
Could you let me see your notes?
Pens and pencils are examples of writing tools.
I'll order that later.
This present was given to me by Ann.
You went to the park yesterday, didn't you?
Of course, we must do our best.
Could you sign here?
Follow the fucking white rabbit Neo.
Don't be so backboneless!
You need a thief to catch a thief.
Yokohama is the second largest city in Japan.
When your business gets rolling we'll talk about an increase.
This book is pleasant to read.
I'm not saying that your answers are always wrong.
Red is out of fashion.
She's a real estate agent.
Who is the girl in this picture?
Regardless of the subject, he pretends to know all about it.
I agree with you.
We returned to Honolulu on April 2.
Darwin wrote "the Origin of Species".
Take a taxi to the hotel.
This ship is not fit for an ocean voyage.
Iron is a useful metal.
I took interstate 58.
We went to the river.
He lived a happy life.
You missed two assignments; you will have to make them up at once.
What a stupid boy he is!
Iron is a useful metal.
I shook my head a few times.
You don't have to tell me that, fool.
Is there a difference?
Can I ask a question?
Famine stared us in the face.
A few people came to the lecture.
The conflict between blacks and whites in the city became worse.
This hotel faces the sea.
Eggs are cheap this season.
We can deliver within a week.
Don't ask me such a hard question.
I have wonderful news for all of you.
Would you mind if I smoke?
It’s a weapon without bullets.
They paid me five dollars for the bag.
Nothing is so valuable as friendship.
Carol has just returned to her hotel.
Push the button, please.
My older brother finished his homework very quickly.
He became a great musician.
We've been living here since July.
Iron is a useful metal.
Is it a recent picture?
This is never going to end.
I'm at a loss for words.
He had the bad habit of drinking too much wine.
She wears the trousers in that house.
That movie was amusing.
Cats usually hate dogs.
That cloud is in the shape of a fish.
Look at those clouds.
Look at those clouds! It's going to rain.
A resolution to the problem was more difficult than we anticipated.
That painting by Rembrandt is a work of art.
She is contemplating a trip.
I have math homework today.
A number of students are absent today.
Two boys are absent from school today.
Two students are absent today.
Sales are down this month.
Today is hot enough for us to swim in the sea.
I'm going to be fast asleep tonight because today was a great day.
I had no visitor today.
I'm expecting a customer today.
The weather has been good until today.
I am going to apply for a visa today.
I must hand in the report today.
Ancient customs are dying out quickly today.
As of today, we haven't had an answer from him.
There was a fire near the house today.
Can I see what's on the other channels?
Almost every day he goes to the river and fishes.
He will leave for Paris next month.
I cleared up my desk.
How dare you say such a thing!
How dare you say that!
Don't worry about us.
It's an interesting piece of news.
They have twelve children.
Tea without ice.
His son is a genius.
I had a terrible dream.
Your hand is as cold as ice.
The result of his action still remains to be seen.
The meeting on sales promotion is dragging on.
The accident happened at that crossing.
These shirts are the same. They are the same size.
These ties are different.
She sat and smoked.
He has three daughters; one is married, but the others aren't.
Good luck!
Did you reserve a room at the hotel?
Wake me up at seven.
I am looking for the cheeses.
There was a pack of paper on the table.
The poor are not always unhappy.
What are you worried about?
Oh my God!
I agree.
I agree.
Who was the man killed on the hill?
It's twenty past six.
In Venice, there are always lots of tourists.
He kissed me on the forehead.
I am interested in sports.
Don't make fun of foreigners.
Don't make fun of foreigners.
Mary told John the secret.
It was clear that Hanako did not wish to marry Taro.
That's a nice tie you're wearing.
Take home these paintings of his and tell me what you think of them.
I trust him because he never tells a lie.
It moved closer and closer.
I'm afraid this data is not reliable.
We should leave out this data. It's far from accurate.
He's always dissatisfied.
He is a thief.
She was dressed all in white for the wedding.
We discussed the problem far into the night.
All the students will partake in the play.
The sad story made my heart ache.
Jimmy, breakfast is ready. Come downstairs.
What kinds of Japanese food do you like?
When you're reading an English book, it isn't a great idea to look up every word you don't know.
You believe him completely.
I'll take these roses.
What's your business in the States?
He lost his eyesight in the accident.
You can swim much better than he can.
She is our neighbor.
Barcelona is the capital of Catalonia, and is the second biggest city in Spain.
From which track does the train to Higashi-Kagowaka leave?
She always wears clothes which are out of fashion.
I'm sure people ask you this question all the time, but it's all that comes to mind right now.
Reading is to the mind as food is to the body.
He does an engine test every day.
He does an engine test every day.
Koko knows and uses more than 500 words in sign language, the language of deaf people.
There were four pieces of cheese on the table.
Do you like apples?
As far as I know, he won't come.
This chair is in want of repair.
You must change your shirt - it's got wet.
Just tell Mr Tate that Helen Cartwright is here to see him.
I saw the moon above the horizon.
If it were not for exams, we would be happy.
He showed interest in the plan.
I have visited more than nine countries up until now.
He is unconscious of his bad manners.
He is my boss.
The poor old woman had her bag stolen again.
We went on board at ten.
The foreigner didn't know Japanese at all.
He turned on the radio.
He may have missed the last train.
Build up your body while young.
My boss has the ability to read books very fast.
The plan is not mature.
The hotel can accommodate 500 guests.
They suffered a lot during the war years.
I can't swim at all.
Usually, Americans prefer big cars.
School begins on the April 8th.
Of what value is it?
Tom looked at the tall man suspiciously.
He requested me to keep it secret.
Turn on the radio, please.
The temperature falls.
What a wonderful view!
Someone has left a bag on the bench.
We argued politics.
This is the worst movie I have ever seen.
Would you like me to get you a cab?
Is breakfast ready?
We have more apples than we could eat in a day.
The hotel stands on a hill.
May I eat that cake?
Many criminals in America are addicted to drugs.
I was nearly hit by a car.
That's not your hat, is it?
This laboratory is where we study every day.
I wrote down her address so that I wouldn't forget it.
Write it down before you forget it.
Some kinds of birds can't fly.
He had to lead a miserable life for many years.
What she said turned out to be false.
I ran as fast as I could to catch up with her.
She married John, not because she loved him, but because he was a rich man.
Air is invisible.
I studied in England for six months when I was a student.
He joined the club last year.
I'm sure that they will pass the test.
The experiment succeeded.
Don't ramble.
Don't ramble.
I can't express myself in English very well.
We cannot see the other side of the moon.
Mr Balboa is so well known as to need no introduction.
Try to estimate how much you spent on books.
It will bring down trouble on your family.
I want to study abroad.
Do you have a red pencil?
My mind is at ease believing you'll keep the secret.
This book belongs to the library.
I wanted to hit him, but he ran away from me.
A few days' rest will do you good.
He stepped aside for her to pass.
Tom may have missed the train. He hasn't come yet.
How old is she? "She is twelve years old."
The rain lasted a week.
I'm lonely.
I don't have time to read books.
I was uncertain of my ability to do it.
F. takes sides with the criminal.
Please wait half an hour.
Don't make any noise.
Don't make any noise.
Auldey is a Chinese brand.
Thai is the official language in Thailand.
Paraguay is a country in South America.
She drank a cup of milk.
Can you make it on time?
The police were able to find the criminal.
She is always complaining of her small salary.
I've got no time to sit and talk.
The Eiffel Tower is in the same city as the Louvre Museum.
Break the silence.
I love watching movies that make me think.
Tell me what you need and I'll tell you how to get along without it.
Many people encouraged me to fulfill my ambitions.
What did you do last vacation?
Good night. Sweet dreams.
No news is good news.
Why did he run away?
He will soon be able to swim well.
It is too dark to see clearly.
The ship was unloaded at the port.
He's looking for a leather belt.
Where's the nearest train station?
I respect her selflessness.
I don't agree with you.
Can you do handstands?
Well done.
Cave escape!
The trumpet is a musical instrument.
We did not expect him to finish the task in so short a time.
Mark Zuckerberg stole my idea!
The teacher gave us homework.
Did you write down the telephone number?
She showed me a picture of her mother as a schoolgirl.
Can you put the children to bed?
It has stopped raining.
Their wedding is tomorrow.
That hotel was very near the lake.
She spends a lot of money on books.
He is still at work in the workroom.
We have a 50% interest in the company.
Are you proud of your father?
Rabbits are related to beavers and squirrels.
On hearing the news, everybody became quiet.
There is a radio on the table.
She regretted that she had not followed his advice.
I failed the exam.
The game will be played even if it rains.
I'm going to bed.
The bus leaves in five minutes.
He cheated his clients out of a lot of money.
There are no clouds in the sky.
When I arrived at the station, the train had already left.
The roses in the garden smell sweet.
He showed me his album.
Your jacket and tie don't go together.
I advised him to give up smoking.
That company puts out a magazine, doesn't it?
Nobody cares what you think.
When the teacher is very strict, the students must mind their P's and Q's.
The train arrived at the station on time.
The Shinkansen from Hakata pulled in just on time.
There's a secret path on the left.
Mother was surprised at the news.
The day will come when we can travel to the moon.
I want it with plenty of ice.
Mother has not cooked dinner yet.
Give me a light, would you?
I made a note of the telephone number.
Where's the bus stop?
He cried, "That's good!"
He robbed me of my bag.
Are you able to swim?
I was speechless.
We need a tool to open it with.
We'll finish the work even if it takes us all day.
Which is the best hotel in the town?
It is impossible for you to do so.
She warned the children against playing in the street.
It is a cold morning for June.
He arrived in time for the meeting.
Gradually the true meaning of what he said began to dawn on me.
The last leaf of this book is missing.
Mr Takagi, who's lived here 16 years, was also surprised.
She did not buy the dress, which she liked very much.
He asked his father to take him to the store.
My sword may be blunt, but that's more than enough for someone like you.
She is careful about her child's nutrition.
Iron is hard.
What's on the air this evening?
She went to Paris in order to study art.
Did you advise him to go to the police?
I'd like to pay for this with my Visa card.
I couldn't understand him at first.
Young people are eager to go abroad.
How did the exam go?
I'm sorry to trouble you so often.
All the other children in the school had rich parents, and he was beginning to feel like a fish out of water.
I was deeply impressed by his speech.
There were 150 passengers on the plane.
The lesson of this story is not that reading Shakespeare will help one rise in the business world.
I want to emphasize this point in particular.
I'm glad to meet you, too, Mr Ito.
He has a beard.
He admitted his defeat.
Osaka is the second largest city of Japan.
She lived all her life in that town.
The pain was terrible.
I don't know much about computers.
Don't hide under the bed.
The examinations are all over.
Marriage is a type of human rights violation.
This discovery will be recorded in history.
There is a park in front of my house.
There's no salt left.
I can't accept this theory.
He resumed his work after a short break.
What will actually happen is anyone's guess.
My uncle died of cancer of the stomach yesterday.
Fortune smiled on him.
You're in danger of becoming a good man.
She was absent from school because of sickness.
I expect to be back next Monday.
It's a beautiful day!
You can swim, can't you?
This news is new to me.
They stopped talking.
I prefer English.
The tie doesn't go with my suit.
Don't eat for at least three hours.
The boy lay listening to the radio.
They always complain.
She's muttering something.
I'll make you a model plane.
My older brother knows how to drive.
I am learning two foreign languages.
We heard the echo of our voices from the other side of the valley.
A cheap coat makes a cheap man.
When we went to the hall, the concert had already begun.
All the students were there.
When it comes to science, practice is more important than theory.
There were fewer accidents this year than last.
He didn't find what I hid.
Stop it right now!
He's from the U.S.
You know that I don't like eggs.
You didn't have to cum so early.
You've gotten hitched?
What do you want to know?
I'll do it if they pay me.
Do you have professional experience?
It is up to you whether to buy it or not.
This must be changed.
Is there any sugar?
We may well take pride in our old temples.
Sorry, I couldn't help it.
Is Mother scolding the horse?
The person standing at the front of the room is a professor in the History Department.
Don't trust him.
My mother made me study.
She died of stomach cancer.
I hesitated to go to the movie with him.
I think he is holding something back from us.
As she's quit drinking, she's lost some weight.
Clearly you are mistaken.
I was absent from work yesterday.
He is complaining about something or other all the time.
Please keep this a secret.
George put a chain on the dog.
Japan came under American pressure to open its financial market.
It all depends on whether they will support us.
Are you in jest or in earnest?
It's a pity that I have no ear for music.
Japan is in eastern Asia.
Play the part of Hamlet.
I have been to the U.S. twice.
I live in Belarus and I take pride in this fact.
He was seated all alone.
Now the mountain is hidden by the clouds.
I feel like going on a trip.
I swam very well when I was a child.
They were always making jokes.
I have bad breath.
I'm a tourist.
I have a visa.
He lives inside an apple.
I had a chance to meet him in Paris.
That boy hit her child on purpose.
Jack Dorsey hates me.
If you skip my class, I will kill you.
I bought many types of cloth.
You will never be alone.
What did you study?
Stones don't float.
I must finish it before I go out.
Is it true that men have oilier skin than women?
She won the one hundred meter race.
They are listening to the radio.
The dog is dead.
I like wxWidgets because, unlike most other toolkits, it has a function named Centre(), not Center().
No roses without thorns.
When I heard the news, I wanted to cry.
I'm happy, 'cause I'm learning some Dutch.
It has been ten years since I came here.
I wore a hat yesterday because it was very cold.
When I arrived at the station, the train had already left.
We'll leave in an hour.
We swam in the sea.
The Old Man and the Sea is a novel by Hemingway.
I reached the summit of the mountain in exactly five hours.
He's fluent in Japanese.
Life begins when we start paying taxes.
All models are wrong, but some are useful.
We need to buy a new rug for this room.
He paid the money on the spot.
Do you like to dance?
What? You don't know how to drive a car yet?
If I remember correctly, I think we have to turn left at the next corner.
We should write a formal letter to the director.
Why are you going to Japan? "To attend a conference in Tokyo."
Someone is hiding in the corner.
I'll do my homework after I watch television.
She sells vegetables.
I'm sick of this.
You're too suspicious about everything.
The town was defended by a large army.
His concert was very good.
You can swim, but I can't.
I want to learn Chinese next year.
Don't feed the animals.
The train disappeared from view.
He doesn't eat raw fish.
Guess who I met today!
Be quiet while we are eating.
Please tell me how to pronounce this word.
Who owns that house?
This rose smells sweet.
I had my money stolen somewhere.
I can't swim well.
Depending on the case; sometimes it is so, sometimes not.
There are no exceptions to this rule.
She was in despair when her husband died.
Her son is a genius.
Not all geniuses are engineers, but all engineers are geniuses. The set of all engineers is thus an, unfortunately proper, subset of all geniuses.
Michael is a man's name, but "Michelle" is a woman's name.
I'm not kidding around.
My father often falls asleep while watching TV.
I have just changed my avatar photo.
There are no rules without exceptions.
OK. I agree.
You'll regret that!
Am I mistaken?
This rose is beautiful.
Tom likes to swim.
Only ask questions to which the reply can be either "yes" or "no".
I agree with you.
This is a scientist whom everyone respects.
The boy ran away when he saw me.
He likes coffee without sugar.
I'd be content if you paid me with cash.
The circumstances did not allow me to go abroad.
She cut a picture out of the book.
I don't remember how tall you are.
Victory and defeat aren't solely decided by the size of your army.
If I had wings to fly, I would have gone to save her.
All the evidence points to his guilt.
I asked my mother to wake me up at four.
Take a rest.
It is difficult for foreigners to get used to Japanese meals.
Why did you run away?
She has a wonderful personality.
I am concerned about his health.
Breakfast is ready.
It will do you good to have a holiday.
This ring is a magic item that gives great power to its user.
The machine is out of order.
Why don't you put your best foot forward?
I wanted her to win.
The food was terrible, but I did not complain.
Business is business.
She grew up in the harsh environment of New York City.
Life does not repeat its gifts.
This music's annoying everyone.
They agreed on a joint statement.
I am a famous actor.
Could I ask you a question?
He put on the black coat.
When did you get married?
How much does this tie cost?
Everybody came to the class on time.
Is this your first foreign trip?
Well, what sports do you like?
He went to Osaka, where he put up at a hotel.
He likes listening to the radio.
We have a nice school library.
It is cold outdoors. Put on your coat.
You can learn about advanced search features here.
That's surprising.
How did you spend your holiday?
My father is happy when he sees his traits in me.
He likes to swim.
Uncle Vasya gave me a painting as a gift.
People who bring personal details into arguments don't know how to argue.
He rarely goes to church.
She is yet to know the truth.
Christopher Columbus once discovered an entire ship of deceased sailors... and politely ignored it.
I completely agree with you.
Did you pay for the book?
She asked me a question.
That is a pencil.
Salt is a useful substance.
I'm in an Armani store buying a suit, of course, Dima replied.
My grandfather cannot walk without a walking stick.
Klava forgives her husband.
Klava decided to change her sex in the flat.
Answer the phone.
The old lady busied herself on her vegetable garden.
I hate taking risks.
Call the ambulance immediately!
No wedding would be complete without a fight.
There's a lot of crazies in the library.
When did you start studying English?
You are a musical genius.
Wait, don't shoot!
The customer is always right.
It is needless to say that an experienced person will do better than someone without experience.
Did you notice that one side of Leo Tolstoi's mustache is longer than the other?
Nice suit.
How was the concert?
Aoi dances.
The birds fly.
Everybody dies.
They are all alike.
Her cheeks flamed up.
I put down his address on paper.
I missed the last train last Friday.
Swimming in the sea doesn't mean owning the sea.
His house was struck by lightning.
You'll see the difference.
Where are the plates?
I strolled along the streets to kill time.
Don't waste time on trifles.
I don't believe there is anything in the whole earth that you can't learn in Berlin except the German language.
Only then did he realize he had been deceived.
Not all birds can fly.
Agreed.
Agreed.
A thousand dollars is a large sum.
The records of our discussions are kept by the secretary.
We make men's and women's clothing.
The sun disappeared behind a cloud.
He pinned responsibility for the accident on his sister.
He is very strong--so much so that no one can defeat him.
I took a taxi to get there in time.
People should understand that the world is changing.
He made it clear that he was against the plan.
What time does it open?
I refuse to answer the question.
Did you hear the news on the radio?
Do you feel any pain in your stomach?
Do you know how to drive a car?
This is what I found in the cave.
Do you know how to use a computer?
Alice wasn't present at the meeting, was she?
Can you pick me up at the station?
Can you please tell me what time the train leaves?
Do you play a musical instrument?
My father often told us about his school days.
Is there a train station near here?
Crazy!
He is blind in one eye.
I'm interested in music.
The new computer was too complicated for me to use at first.
Please wake me up at seven.
He kissed her on the cheek.
You're very brave.
I go to the library at least once a week.
The ship was soon out of sight.
We must clean our classroom.
Yesterday snow fell.
Please insert your card.
He reminded me not to forget my passport.
He went to Italy in order to study music.
We'll note it in the following way.
The whole crew was saved.
My first computer had only 128 kilobytes of memory!
She fell silent suddenly.
He changed his countenance at the news.
We debated on the question of world population.
Gold is much heavier than water.
I didn't do it on purpose.
Strange to say, he did pass the exam after all.
The Murais have been married for ten years.
All languages are equal, but English is more equal than the others.
I went camping with my family.
I have to assign more men to that work.
Hello! Fancy meeting you here! It's a small world, isn't it?
When we eat too much, we suffer from indigestion.
The crew abandoned the ship.
I trust Richard; he is a man of his word.
She had twins.
Snow fell early this winter.
He paid too high a price for success.
Who stole the apple?
Who stole the apple?
My car is under repair.
Please turn left at the first corner.
The doctor told him to rest at home, which is advice he followed.
That's an excellent idea.
Breakfast is ready.
Oh, sure, I studied English in my school days. But it wasn't until two or three years ago that I really started taking it seriously.
They rushed towards their mother.
We can count on him for financial help.
They didn't feel like playing any more.
We thought of him as a genius.
I will help you if you are in trouble.
You can hear the news on the radio at nine o'clock.
Just sign here.
Her mother always accompanies her.
Alas, she died young.
The candles made the room bright.
As quick as a wink.
Her mind was barricaded against the new idea.
His joke set everyone laughing.
Explain the fact as clearly as possible.
I must get the concert ticket by all means.
I went into the navy.
The trial is not open to the public.
Do you have anything to do after that?
Where's the up-escalator?
The teacher is busy marking papers.
His estate came to me as a free gift.
It occurred to me that he had done it on purpose.
This room is very small, so it is impossible to put more furniture in it.
Your suggestion seems reasonable.
Different flowers represent different meanings.
I have to support a large family.
I'm proud of my dad.
Of the four seasons of the year, I like summer best.
He can be proud of his father.
That's nonsense.
We bought this car for 12,000.
I see a lion.
I should not have bought such a thing.
The best is behind.
Pass the sugar, please.
You're joking!
The book is on the table, and the pencil is lying on the windowsill.
He isn't an American.
Several apples fell from the tree.
They always complain.
I have a glass eye.
I had a cup of coffee at the cafe.
The meeting broke up at four.
Do you study English?
If I were to go abroad, I would go by boat.
It made my blood boil to hear that.
Everybody is equal before the law.
He has a habit of moving his head up and down when he is listening to a conversation.
I see you're wearing a new hat.
He saw her and blushed.
We all wear uniforms to school.
Is this your first visit to Japan?
I still haven't learned to drive a car.
We import a large quantity of food.
University was a wonderful experience.
I leave for Paris tomorrow.
No way.
Gabriel is only one of the angels of God.
Gabriel is only one of the angels of God.
Convenience stores and supermarkets can sell medicine since 2009.
Let's dance all night long!
My sister is quick-thinking.
I'm not talking to you; I'm talking to the monkey.
We caught the thief.
I come here every Fourth of July.
We had an examination in English yesterday.
You must study English every day.
A computer is a complex machine.
I hate Esperanto.
She's eating an apple.
Twice two is four.
Iron is harder than gold.
Every town in America has a library.
The school year begins on the 10th of April.
The girl had a big red hat.
We have little chance of winning.
Where are the book and the pencil?
He was crying with hunger.
The Sahara is the largest desert in the world.
December is the last month of the year.
You're off in your reckoning.
If it had not been for his advice, she would not have flown to London.
Traditions no longer make any sense.
He arrived on time in spite of the rain.
He gave me the salt.
I agree with that opinion.
This chair is very comfortable.
It was not long before he arrived.
His new novel will come out next month.
My friend called me a coward.
They can fish.
I am sending you a picture of my family.
I usually do the dishes.
Don't look back.
Don't worry. You can count on me.
You may use my pen.
All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others.
He knows how to drive a car.
Don't open before the train stops.
Will you go shopping with me?
He likes drinking coffee without sugar.
Cows provide us with milk.
Her mother has made her what she is.
Because of the victory, he became a hero.
She has many faults, but I trust her none the less.
The professor scolded John for skipping class.
I'm washing dishes.
The salt, if you please.
He followed my advice.
İnsanlar neden intihar ederler?
There are a lot of students in the library.
The cat couldn't care less about the mouse's opinion.
Amnesia means "loss of memory".
We have no options but to continue.
I can't take my eyes off her.
We ran out of money.
We are looking for somebody who can use a computer.
I have to go even if it rains cats and dogs.
There's a secret path on the left.
Apart from my sister, my family doesn't watch TV.
Seize the moment.
Your dog is very big.
Long live the Emperor!
Long live the Emperor!
The long voyage was a trial for us.
Are you interested in politics?
He is respected by everyone.
I can't say for sure.
Have I missed something?
I can drive.
My car was stolen last night.
That album reminds me of the school happy days.
She hated her husband.
The show is over.
I asked each boy three questions.
The salaryman proposed to the director's daughter, but he was rejected.
Jesus hates you.
I hope you have brains enough to see the difference.
I hope you'll never turn Communist.
She planted roses in the garden.
Are you freaking kidding me?!
There are more than 50,000 books in this library.
You can't be serious! He's no more a doctor than I am.
I'm dying for a cup of coffee.
It is better to be Socrates dissatisfied than a pig satisfied.
Mr Gorbachev, tear down this wall!
I understand his anger.
There is no rule without an exception.
A cow is a useful animal.
He ran out of money.
This world is a distant three hundred million light years away from the world where you live.
How in the world did you do it?
Please sign here.
Rain was pattering on the roof.
Look at that tower standing on the hill.
Mr Wood was like a father to Tony.
Cows give milk.
May I ask a favor of you?
Cats can see things even when it's dark.
Leave the room.
I caused him a lot of trouble.
I begin to lose control of myself.
I'm having some problems compiling this software.
The judge's decision is final.
He's always complaining.
I wish you good luck.
He arrived in time.
I'm proud of my son.
I have seen her before.
Pass the salt, please.
Twenty people died in a fire.
I hate studying.
It's not a pig; it's a monkey.
Do you mind my turning on TV?
I want to rest.
Keep in mind that youth is not eternal.
The ice is very thick.
I wish you luck.
This medicine tastes bitter.
This coffee is too bitter.
You've set a bad example.
You should follow his advice.
Don't step on the broken glass.
Give me a cup of coffee.
When will this end?
Language is peculiar to man.
The big tree was struck by lightning.
She started dancing when she was eight.
Do you have a passport?
He's no judge of music.
How do you say this word?
He is an individual with his own living space and his own sleeping space.
He does nothing but complain from morning till night.
Business and friendship don't mix.
Everyone has their own burdens.
God knows what we need.
I'm looking forward to hearing from you soon.
He is standing on the hill.
I would not meddle in such a thing.
At night, she gazed at the moon.
A table has four legs.
Even though you don't like this, you must eat it.
Whatever needs to happen will happen.
I don't spend much time preparing for English classes.
We thought his threat was only a joke.
He's learning Chinese.
I was wrong.
I'll send the book by mail.
Did you push the button?
My daughter will get married in June.
She wants to dance.
The world is small.
I think you will be impressed with the answers.
I have an exam tomorrow.
Do you know how to drive?
The revolution has brought about many changes.
When you love what you do, it shows.
It had the head of a woman, the body of a lion, the wings of a bird, and the tail of a serpent.
We hold an exhibition every year.
Could you please issue me a visa again?
He is proud of being a musician.
Money doesn't always bring happiness.
Don't use all the hot water.
I've lost my pencil.
The girl went into the forest to look for mushrooms.
I don't know the details.
The dog is brown, small and thin.
This train runs nonstop to Nagoya.
What is the difference?
He fell asleep with the window open.
That's fine!
Don't go against the rules.
I'm eating an apple.
You don't have to thank me.
I am American.
What are you hiding?
What are you hiding?
I bought a hat.
Ridiculous!
I slept twelve hours yesterday.
He gave me tea without sugar.
Many a true word is spoken in jest.
Is that a cat or a dog?
I had my car stolen last night.
He doesn't behave himself once he's drunk.
He reached for the apple.
She hated him.
May I take off my coat?
He dedicated his life to peace.
Hats are coming into fashion.
He is an expert driver.
Please write down what I say.
I feel sad.
Hey, you!
My birthday approaches.
He made a mistake on purpose.
My sister will prepare breakfast.
There is bad weather in the north.
They look alike except for the color of their hair.
This is the biggest hotel in this city.
This is the house I lived in when I was young.
He can drive a car.
They are fairy tales for children.
I warned him about the danger.
I left my passport somewhere.
He doesn't give a damn about that.
She finally fell asleep.
A sleeping child looks like an angel.
Potatoes are very cheap.
Cats catch mice.
In Africa there are many lions.
With great power comes great responsibility.
For this he got it in the neck at work.
The radio gave a warning of bad weather.
I've got a terrible headache.
They are selling fish and meat.
We use words in order to communicate.
We use words in order to communicate.
In Britain, the banks open at 9:00 in the morning.
Most young people don't know the terror of war.
You may use his library.
What's the difference between a village and a town?
I wanted to go to the concert.
I ordered new furniture.
You should write it down before you forget it.
Almost everyone arrived on time.
It's easier to lose a village than get a home.
My grandfather was killed in World War II.
He's American.
I feel uneasy in my father's presence.
I can swim well.
There were no radios in Japan in those days.
A prisoner has escaped.
She forgave me for breaking her mirror.
She keeps him at arm's length these days.
To see her is to love her.
A true friendship is more valuable than money.
My mother bakes bread every morning.
How boring.
I had to stand a trying situation.
It's our duty to help.
There's a yellow rose there.
Despite all his faults, everybody likes him.
Where's the train station?
The baby is crying because it is hungry now.
He can swim well.
He sent me the message by telephone.
The thief got away with the money.
The common state of this matter is solid.
He was relieved at the news.
I ought to have attended the lecture.
The public is the best judge.
Who is absent?
He is of Japanese ancestry.
The house needs repairs.
Hope springs eternal.
Keep on going. You'll see a bank on your left.
I will deal with this problem.
I don't need money at present.
Lviv for lions!
I had my room cleaned.
I am going to visit the art exhibition one of these days.
Money is the root of all evil.
In ancient times people believed that the earth was flat.
You look like an idiot.
You look stupid.
Revenues are growing, but not as fast as costs.
Hey Pandark, how did you became so famous that Pharamp started writing sentences about you?
Nothing happens unless you make it happen.
Your age is beginning to tell.
He is anxious about her health.
Not all of those books are useful.
It's time to carry out the plan.
Hey, you! What are you doing?
He is in the tenth grade.
We have yet to know the truth.
Idiot!
I certainly don't subscribe to the view that women are necessarily more moral than men.
England is proud of her poets.
It is difficult for a foreigner to study Japanese.
You do not have a fever.
It's the third biggest city of Serbia.
Wait in the waiting room.
She got married at the age of 17.
This world is a distant three hundred million light years away from the world where you live.
All you have to do is take advantage of this rare opportunity.
Not all people are evil bastards.
You're a daring man!
I do not want to waste the best years of my life for you.
I study Japanese history.
I don't know what to order.
I can't see any difference.
Stir the soup.
The station is not far from here.
The train station is nearby.
Whose pencil is this?
That's a secret.
I don't have a computer at home.
What are you so happy about?
If we knew what we were doing, it wouldn't be called research, would it?
Justice is what love looks like in public.
You're an angel!
Stop arguing about money.
My father is proud of me being tall and handsome.
Is this the first time for you to have Japanese food?
The couple wants to purchase a home.
Can you teach me how to fly?
I don't swim well.
I invited my neighbor to breakfast.
Is this a pen or a pencil?
The fox and the bear lived together.
It makes no difference whether you go today or tomorrow.
The house was struck by lightning yesterday.
The boy has a high fever.
What happened to our order?
We were filled with joyful expectation.
I swim once a week.
Gold is more precious than iron.
How did you pay for this computer?
How much have you paid for this computer?
I saw him run away.
I'm sure that tomorrow I'm not going to pass my exam.
I'm sure that tomorrow I'm not going to pass my exam.
He asked me to pass him the salt.
You chatter too much.
Your words wound painfully.
Where is the ticket-selling window?
He took a pencil in his hand.
They hated each other.
My monkey ran away!
We don't have sugar.
Every time I look at this picture, I think of my father.
I agree with them that we should try again.
It is stupid of him to behave like that.
Everybody has his merits and demerits.
Three quarters of the members of this club are girls.
I go to bed at eleven.
Are they all the same?
The weather was terrible.
I like learning old languages.
How dare you laugh at me?
A lot of young people went to Hawaii this summer.
His curiosity knew no bounds.
No doubt she loves him, but she won't marry him.
And it lasted until early morning.
Unless you stop fighting, I'll call the police.
My older brother made all the preparations for us.
Were they in the library yesterday?
There was a big fire near my house last night.
Steve spends the most of all the family.
I arranged a meeting on the train station with her at five o'clock
Please advise me what to do.
Never be noisy in this room.
You should be respectful to your parents.
He has a very vivid imagination.
In the course of time, he changed his mind.
What kind of sport do you like?
You'll regret it one day.
The experiment confirmed his theory.
The birds settled on the branches.
Not all birds can fly.
This shirt doesn't go with that tie at all.
He wanted to be woken up early by his wife.
Your problems are nothing compared to mine.
Know your roots.
I don't have any money, but I have dreams.
Black clouds spread over the sky.
I was mistaken.
She gave me an album as a birthday present.
His business is growing rapidly.
These hats are the same size.
May I trouble you for the salt?
She always cared about my health.
He is free from pride.
Each student has their own computer.
The sun is larger than the moon.
Don't ask me such a hard question.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
Reading is a great enjoyment to him.
I am sending you a picture of my family.
Don't waste time.
You, come here.
She grew up near the sea, yet she hates swimming.
I can't convey my feelings in words.
Dan bought a new computer.
When we got to the bus stop, the bus had already left.
The same cause does not always give rise to the same effect.
My pen is new.
He collapsed to his knees.
I'm sure that our team will win.
You read the paper?
You are our pride.
Tatoeba: Because a language is more than the sum of its words.
Tatoeba: Because a language is more than the sum of its words.
Tom decided to study law.
She behaved quite foolishly.
This page contains technical information that might be useful when you're trying to solve a problem.
Do you see a ship on the horizon?
I accompanied him on the trip.
There is no rule without exception.
If you drive a car like that, you'll end up in the hospital.
He acknowledged me by lifting his hat.
I want to learn to swim.
Freedom is the essence of mathematics.
Please don't make such a loud noise.
That's a total lie.
Brad Pitt is an actor.
This apple is bad.
I have never tried Chinese food.
Do you have a pencil?
You may write in any language you want. On Tatoeba, all languages are equal.
Science is still not capable of solving all of life's problems.
But we carried on without him.
I'll be back at 6:30.
I walked as slowly as I could.
As soon as I get to Hokkaido, I'll drop you a line.
Whether we will go on the trip depends on the weather.
Don't be worried.
You look tired.
I have already finished the job.
Mary can swim.
I'm proud of my brother.
It was a terrible day.
I ran like lightning.
This is the tallest tower in Japan.
I fell asleep while watching TV.
All is well that ends well.
Would you like a cup of tea?
Harry is an American actor.
I prefer tea to coffee.
Put your books away.
You can dance, can't you?
She was chosen from ten thousand applicants.
He was very tired.
She swims well.
His face expresses joy.
A sleeping child is like an angel.
He studies contemporary literature.
I am busy preparing for the next exam.
Did you already do your homework?
He swam across the river.
Esperanto is a useful language.
Ah, I thank you, my dear.
If you don't lie you don't sell.
I ate an apple.
Where is the library?
He must finish his homework today.
She trusted me.
He was murdered on the spot.
He doesn't have any knowledge about American democracy.
She did not come even as far as my house.
Four-fifths of all the members were against the plan.
It took her a long time to choose a hat.
Some people like coffee and others prefer tea.
Everyone makes mistakes.
Let me write it down so I don't forget.
He started his day with a good breakfast.
He and his friend sat on the bench.
I saw a hare in the forest.
This factory produces 500 automobiles a day.
This factory can turn out 200 cars a day.
They are manufacturing TV sets in this factory.
This park reminds me of my childhood.
This park is a paradise for children.
This park is famous for its roses.
The park is open to everybody.
This park is more beautiful than that.
A trip to Hawaii costs around 200 dollars.
Life is, in the best case, an ocean of problems.
Hey, are you remotely sane?!
We are not Americans.
We got a little bored with each other.
We went to a dance last Friday.
We have lived in this town for five years.
They caught up with him at the entrance.
Australia is smaller than South America.
They agreed on a price.
Let go of the rope.
Hold the rope.
Hold on to the rope.
A rope was thrown into the water.
The police arrested the suspect in the case.
She taught me how to write a poem.
I do not like any of these hats.
Some juice, please.
This damned computer won't work.
No one was aware of her literary talent.
How about a cup of tea?
Her son is a genius.
His son is a genius.
We saw a terrible movie last night.
He drank a cup of tea and then asked for another.
These men are used to hard work.
Have you checked the engine?
Something has happened to the engine.
The engine doesn't work.
The cat is liked by Mike.
I can't wait to go on a vacation.
Who buys this type of art?
What... you still don't know how to drive?
How did you hear the news?
How did you hear the news?
The police broke up the fight.
He grabbed the rope with both hands.
Those who missed the test must take it tomorrow.
If you drive your car like that, you'll end up in hospital.
According to today's paper, there was a fire in this town last night.
I wish they would stop fighting.
The waves washed upon the rocks.
An apple is sitting on the table.
I fought against sleep.
Mother prepared us lunch.
There is no rule without an exception.
Please take these dishes away.
She is beside herself with joy.
She fairly jumped for joy.
She danced with joy.
I broke my right leg.
I am blind in the right eye.
They got onto the plane.
She lived a happy life.
Just my 2 cents...
He succeeded in the examination at his first attempt.
She kissed away the boy's tears.
That's a wonderful idea.
She picked out three beautiful apples.
She keeps on making the same mistakes.
I started to learn English with the aim of becoming a teacher.
A rabbit has long ears.
The ears of a rabbit are longer than those of a fox.
Do you like sports?
Do you like sports?
You're an idiot.
Aoi dances well.
We went down by elevator.
He sat on the bank.
What a lovely day!
We should follow his example.
My briefcase was nowhere to be found.
My income is twice as large as yours is.
Can the news be true?
It's below her to say such a thing.
Tom refuses to eat his vegetables.
Can the news be true?
This book will awaken your imagination.
What does this hat remind you of?
This hat is too small for me.
This hat is mine.
This hat is a little too small for me.
This hat doesn't fit me.
This hat is less expensive than that one.
Is this hat yours?
This hat is too big for you.
I paid ten dollars for this cap.
He doesn't fully grasp what young people are saying.
Can I turn on the TV?
Today is January 2nd.
Did you tell the news to your friends?
The news paralyzed him.
Don't change your mind.
A bear will not touch a dead body.
We should get off at the nearest station.
You swim better than me.
Our teacher looks very young.
I refuse.
It's exactly 10:00.
What did you eat for breakfast?
I could be mistaken.
You can also replace the mascarpone with cream.
The weather changes very often in England.
This room smells of gas.
What's happening in the cave? I'm curious. "I have no idea."
Can you tell me the balance on my account?
I'll follow you wherever you go.
His name is very difficult to remember.
I have just returned from the post office.
Gold is the most precious of all metals.
I've never seen a real cow.
She doesn't get outdoors much.
Would it be possible to set up a meeting with us on April 5 or 6?
I prefer staying to going.
I must get off at the next station.
Alas!
It was a warm day, so we went swimming.
Maybe I was wrong.
I may have made a mistake.
I agree with his opinion.
How long did it take us to translate this book?
Not bad, but I'm a bit tired.
Her answer was incorrect.
He was proud of his brother.
I was offered the choice of tea or coffee.
The milk boiled over.
Me, I prefer coffee to tea.
Who broke this pen?
I drink my tea without sugar.
The car has a new engine.
He asked me when I was going to buy a new car.
Running is good for the health.
Paul blushed and turned away.
Finding his office was easy.
Yesterday I walked to the park.
My dream is to become an artist.
Birds often fly together.
How many kilometers is it from here to the railroad station?
How many plates do we have?
How much do these pants cost?
How many bus stops are there to the center?
How much does a ticket cost for the concert?
I anticipated trouble.
I let go of the rope.
He told me that he would go to France in June.
You may write in any language you want. On Tatoeba, all languages are equal.
I will write down your name and address.
He took off the wife-beater.
Tomoko almost started to cry.
Mr Yoshida is too severe with his children.
Don't be afraid of making mistakes.
The more laws, the more offenders.
No man can live to be two hundred years old.
Trolling is a sin!
There are also nightclubs where you dance flamenco.
We should have been fully aware of this risk all along.
I feed my cat every morning and every evening.
The dog ran after the rabbit.
She could not find her way back.
Wherever you go, you'll find Japanese tourists.
Guess where I've been.
Where to go and what to see were my primary concerns.
You can go anywhere you like.
You should only count on yourself--but even then, not too much.
The coat she said she wanted was extremely expensive.
We aren't going to stay at that hotel again.
She advised me where to stay.
Where do you intend to spend your vacation?
We believe in democracy.
We broke up and went our own ways.
I'm sure they'll win.
They caught a bear alive.
They stopped their game and stared at me.
I'm not saying that your answers are always wrong.
Your proposal is worthy of being considered.
How do you pronounce your last name?
What are you going to do with your first pay?
I am in agreement with most of what he says.
As soon as we got to the lake, we started swimming.
We talked in sign language.
You look very tired.
He has a rich imagination.
He started to go to bed early.
He lay down on the grass and went to sleep.
He was awoken by the noise.
He held his breath.
He taught his son how to swim.
He has decided to turn over his business to his son.
He is very much concerned about the future of his son.
He takes pride in his son.
Do you have any regional dishes?
Dima is one badass dude.
Buy our newspaper and win a trip to Khmelnytsky!
We are likely to get there before dark.
The woman tastes the bread.
Birds lay eggs.
Naoko swims.
Naoko is good at swimming.
Why don't you ask for a pay raise?
I go to the library from time to time.
My teeth chattered with cold.
The cold winter will soon be over.
I have some doubts about his coming in this weather.
I never forget a face, but in your case I'll be glad to make an exception.
I cleared the table of the dishes.
There are a lot of dishes on the table.
There are a lot of dishes on the table.
They discussed the problem.
We are not amused.
You had better take a little rest.
Will you please act for me in the matter?
If only I could fly!
People danced in the streets.
Slaves were considered property.
The earth became red with blood.
China's developing too quickly.
That word is of Greek origin.
The news is too good to be true.
She was trembling with fear.
She got married last year.
I can't do my job without a computer.
Hold your breath.
There is little chance of success.
Do you have a match?
Can I use the phone?
Nothing new on the Western Front.
I quit smoking half a year ago.
Lie on your left side.
Lie on your stomach.
I have to examine you.
The moon was bright last night.
He ran away at the sight of the policeman.
As soon as he saw the policeman, he ran away.
He ran at the sight of the policeman.
Please ask whether they have this book at the library.
Tell me whose hat this is.
Cancer is the leading cause for hospice care.
I heard that Carol and Will have split up.
All three hated one another.
I don't remember agreeing to that.
My uncle gave me a gift.
He collected an entire bucket of water.
Presence of all members is obligatory.
The concert is about to start.
The customer did not come.
At this library, you can borrow up to three books at a time.
Such a man cannot be relied upon.
I've never had such a large sum of money.
I didn't foresee this turn of events.
You must buy milk, eggs, butter, and so on.
Can I use a netbook while standing in a crowded train?
You ought not to have kept her waiting on such a cold night.
I fell asleep listening to the radio.
We listened to his lecture on the radio.
The couple put their house on the market.
The man sold his soul to the devil.
This smells great! What are you cooking?
Can I eat this?
I know how to fly.
You're very lucky you know! A such thing happen only once in a lifetime.
Sport is good for your health.
Spain has been a democracy since 1975.
Why are you alone?
Did you stay home to study for the test?
You have come at an opportune time.
You're respected by everybody.
No doubt you will be able to pass the examination.
How did you come by such a big sum of money?
You shouldn't keep them waiting so long.
What do you conclude from that?
Are you positive of that report?
Do you remember the mysterious murder?
When did you receive the telegram?
Are you in agreement with the new law?
We have bread and eggs for breakfast.
Look at that building standing on the hill.
There stands a beautiful church on the hill.
Tom, having worked all day, wanted to take a rest.
The house which stands on the hill is very old.
There is a large house on the hill.
A beautiful valley lies behind the hill.
Seeing me, they suddenly stopped talking.
Lots of low trees grow on the hill.
We can get a beautiful view of the sea from the hill.
Did you take the book back to the library?
She carries on smiling even in the face of adversity.
I'd advise starting at once.
You've set a bad example.
Don't you like apples?
You had better put on a raincoat.
How dare you speak to me like that?
You have a good chance to get well.
How dare you say that?
Edward Everett did not agree with Lincoln.
She finished reading the letter.
Wake me up at eight.
You should not trust him.
She was born at six a.m. on July 17.
She began writing a report at eight, finishing it at twelve.
She came down to breakfast at eight.
She was in the eighth grade.
What did she whisper to you?
I doubt that she loves you.
I can drive a car, but Tom can't.
The murderer is now on trial.
Sorry, but I want to tell her this news face to face.
It became his habit by degrees.
What makes you think that way?
The widow suffered from stomach cancer.
When we were on the brink of starvation, they saved our lives.
I can't conceive how I could have made such a mistake.
That's a bright idea.
Don't touch that.
The enemy attack ceased at dawn.
We must have respect for tradition.
It's nothing to worry about.
I usually prefer to pay with credit card and not with cash.
He hates running.
We are equal in the eyes of the law.
Nonsense.
He may have said something about it, but I don't remember.
Who's that boy swimming over there?
Do the Germans have any other concerns in life apart from consumerism?
I listen to the radio while in transit.
I saw the moon above the roof.
Gold's heavier than iron.
I love studying history.
They were too tired to fight.
After a brief fight, they won.
Early in July, they got the news.
Alas.
Can you really swim?
This is my choice.
He sat surrounded by his children.
I was afraid I might fall asleep while driving.
I flew above the clouds.
I want to fly above the clouds.
Why are you so sad?
Check for old versions.
I felt sorry for her when I heard her story.
His salary is too low to support his family on.
I love sports.
She is a genius.
You are what you like.
I see it rarely.
The children were rolling a big snowball.
He is a genius, if ever there is one.
This situation is funny.
Not worrying about anything is the same as being dead, since worry is the movement of the soul, and life is movement.
You only understand the value of time when it has been spent.
Such was her joy that she shed tears.
Window or aisle?
I noted that her answer was incorrect.
We cannot tell how much that great statesman has done for his country.
It is not necessarily true that what the teacher says is always correct.
They threw their hats up into the air.
I asked him why he was sad.
How long is this bridge?
Compared to those around him, he looked really happy.
I missed the last bus yesterday.
I doubt if he will come on time.
No one shall dictate to me.
The council began at 9:00 and should be finished by 10:45.
America is made up of 50 states.
The top of that mountain is flat.
That joke isn't funny.
I will support him.
Please wake me up at six tomorrow.
I prefer black- and red-colored clothes.
Choose three words or phrases relating to your topic that other students might find interesting and useful and present them to the class.
Our team beat the Lions 3 to 0.
Vacation's already over.
She's rich but miserable.
Where are the book and pencil? The book's on the table, and the pencil's on the windowsill.
You're going to teach me? That's laughable!
Some people enjoy solitude.
Some people enjoy solitude.
Everyone who knows him respects him.
Japan is a mighty nation.
She's worrying for your safety.
You hit me out of hate. "No, I hit you out of love," answered the girl.
When did it end?
Aha, you did it, didn't you?
I could tell you that I love you, but I'd be lying.
The Moon is the Earth's only satellite.
He fell asleep under the tree.
Excuse me. Where are the eggs?
He didn't catch the signal.
This is a crazy house.
There's no need to cry like a baby.
Play me some Chopin.
Don't complain. You have to go.
In my dream, I encountered a wolf.
They began to prepare for possible hostilities.
What's your favorite Chinese food?
He made it to the classes on time.
Javier turned red.
Please connect me with Mr Smith.
Give me a metal bucket with oil.
My neighbor was arrested last night.
I'm studying art history.
I am much concerned about your health.
So far there has been no news.
How often are letters delivered here?
I was involved in a traffic accident.
He told me a sad story.
Is he American?
Our children like dogs, but I prefer cats.
A good medicine tastes bitter.
I want to participate in this conference.
Something is wrong with the engine of this car.
Words express thoughts.
They must be Americans.
His kindness touched my heart.
This is an exception to the rule.
Viewed from a distance, the island looked like a cloud.
You may dance as you please.
I was terribly frightened.
It is difficult to keep up a conversation with someone who only says Yes and No.
I have been studying German for two years.
Will you come with me to the concert?
Joe and I saw a lion yesterday.
Will you come with me to the concert?
This is silly!
He's a man who doesn't make mistakes.
He's at home resting and preparing for the exam.
Each of the girls was dressed neatly.
It's not surprising!
You can buy and read any kind of book at any time.
No matter what he says, don't trust him.
He looked around the room.
She announced her intention to retire.
Your story reminded me of my younger days.
The profit will amount to three million dollars.
Do you have a temperature?
When he saw her letter, he felt somewhat uneasy.
Anybody can make a mistake.
My uncle drives a Ford.
Try hard.
My father drives a very old car.
A man named Slim was killed in that accident.
Do you know how to add new contacts to this phone?
The noise woke them up.
May I smoke?
Try to find out if everything he said is true.
Tell your mother about the trip.
The ship appeared on the horizon.
We had much snow last winter.
Let's consider the worst that could happen.
I helped her hang the picture on the wall.
The trouble lies in the engine.
I am pleased that you have passed the exam.
He cannot be relied on.
I want to buy a new computer.
The dream of yesterday is the hope of today.
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.
I can endorse that.
What is the difference between Iaido and Kendo?
There is a lot of furniture in his room.
Don't touch.
Don't touch.
January is the first month of the year.
An offender escaped from a prison.
The fighting grew bloodier.
Suddenly a bear appeared before us.
What woke you up?
What woke you up?
What woke you up?
Money is a good servant, but a bad master.
This book is worth reading twice.
My mother is crazy.
He is studying history at the university.
Could I have a piece of cheesecake?
It was already twelve when he reached home.
He works on some really crazy projects.
What an idiot I am!
This is excellent wine.
The use of bright colors is one of the features of his paintings.
It was silly of you to make such a mistake.
I've changed my job.
The conference will take place in Tokyo.
If you don't understand, ask a question.
Matter changes its form according to temperature.
Do you have blankets?
May I have a blanket?
Where is the elevator?
Even a child would notice the difference.
I want to study history.
They burned all the documents.
Believe it or not, I can actually draw.
I recognized the actor the minute I saw him.
The news was a blow to him.
The brothers hate each other.
She got married at the age of 25.
I can't get the car to start.
Apply in writing.
It might be a wedding.
Can you do it in a week? "I think so."
She's learning to swim.
In case of fire, please use this exit.
The old man died from hunger.
There are always many people in the library.
I know how to swim.
Mark has my book.
My girlfriend is a good dancer.
What did you do with my pants?
This is a man worthy of respect.
The coat is not mine.
He is a devil in human shape.
Tom decided not to buy the car he was looking at yesterday.
Tatoeba has no "Log Out" button.
They all burst out laughing.
I've got little time for reading these days.
Don't touch the flowers.
Don't feed the dog.
I like the dog.
My father retired from his job several years ago.
Cows eat grass.
No one lets a thief in their own home.
He gets on my nerves!
I am used to going to bed very late.
The translation of the French novel took him more than three months.
Nature abhors a vacuum.
Where are the apples?
It is a lot of fun to drive a car.
A year has 12 months.
I spent the whole day reading that novel.
I prefer the black one.
He ran away from home.
Failure is the mother of success.
I got up while it was still dark.
I slept aboard the ship.
I will let you know in advance.
How difficult is it to find a job?
That's your choice.
I hate these words.
I will let you know in advance.
Indeed, in some parts of the world we can see the effects already.
You did this intentionally!
There are days where I feel like my brain wants to abandon me.
Lightning struck the tower.
She is far from a fool.
He works hard to support his large family.
I prefer quality to quantity.
She asked us several questions.
There is nothing to worry about.
He was killed by a single bullet.
We talked in a low voice so as not to wake the baby.
Please write with a pencil.
Silence gives consent.
They have the same habits.
There are six apples in the box.
I have lost my pencil.
How lucky to meet you here.
It was a terrible day.
His bag was stolen yesterday.
Thank you, sir.
Tom couldn't answer even one question on yesterday's test.
English is studied all over the world.
Clouds sail across the sky.
A cloud floated across the sky.
I'm not rich enough to buy cheap stuff.
Like is hardly the word.
Do you have a table with a view of the ocean?
I am always proud of my family.
Stop it!
I lost my passport!
We had an examination in mathematics today.
I'm sick of English.
One cup of coffee, please.
I own a computer.
He asked me two questions.
Magdalena and Lech are preparing for their Polish exams.
I would like a cup of coffee.
I'm such a fool.
There is a fence around the house.
He made an important scientific discovery.
Do you like Chinese food?
Change your clothes.
He's learning to swim.
I doubt that.
Add sugar to the tea.
What were you arguing about?
Any dance looks beautiful, if it's danced from the heart.
Do you prefer tea or coffee?
He is blind to his own defects.
He is no better than a murderer.
I got off at the wrong station.
The view from this room is wonderful.
He's in good odor with the chief.
I smell smoke in the elevator.
He complained that he had not been informed of the committee's decision.
We will continue the discussion.
He wants to kiss her.
It's dark in here. Do you have a flashlight?
The responsibility is mine.
All men are equal before God.
I'm a poor student and I can't pay you.
She seldom goes out.
Jim has a white hat on his head.
Memorize it well.
He saved a sailor.
You may write in any language you want. On Tatoeba, all languages are equal.
I saw a wolf, a fox and a rabbit.
Damn you!
Damn it! He's escaped me again.
The birds are flying high in the sky.
In comparison with Tokyo, London is small.
Now money begins to end, now it ends to begin.
He took her in his arms to help her, but she couldn’t stand.
I'm not as stupid as you think I am.
You do not have a fever.
Why do they call New York the Big Apple?
I'd love to help you out, but I'm terribly busy.
Please cut short your vacation and return.
He is anxious about his future.
I listened to his story.
I prefer spring to fall.
Have you begun studying English?
She dialed the wrong number.
Tom is one of the few people I can trust.
You alone can do it, but you can't do it alone.
Have you read today's paper?
I was very happy when I heard that news.
I promised him to keep it secret.
I don't like this jacket.
Country people are often afraid of strangers.
There is a book on dancing on the desk.
To drive a car, you need a license.
There are a lot of pictures in this book.
I often go fishing in the river.
I agree to the proposal in principle.
At the start of every weekend, I am both tired and happy.
I've learned so much from my mistakes, I'm thinking of making a few more!!
It's rare to meet nice people like you.
I couldn't take my eyes off of you from the minute I entered this room.
You know this is your responsibility.
Oh my God! It hurts like hell!
Mr. Tanaka is one of our friends.
Do you know the difference between right and wrong?
We went along the narrow road.
This meal is adequate for three.
A facet of genius is the ability to provoke scandals.
I am married and I have two sons.
Three guesses where I was yesterday!
This is your one chance.
I can't sleep.
The days are dragging slowly by.
It doesn't matter whether the cat is black or white as long as it catches mice.
I hate sushi.
I feel terrible today.
Many friends saw him off.
Where's today's newspaper?
Have you read today's paper yet?
It doesn't matter to me who wins.
I tried writing a novel.
He heard the news on the radio.
He's sitting in the waiting room.
He answered that he could swim well.
I study English.
I get asked that question a lot.
You can trust him.
He can be counted on.
You can count on him.
I don't like eggs.
The sun had hidden itself behind a mountain.
The strange-looking woman was thought to be a witch.
Did the rain stop?
Where's the shopping center?
The old man's anger melted.
She was afraid of the dog at the gate.
He lives according to God's laws.
Marriage is the union of a man and woman.
What's the purpose of your trip?
There would be no New China without the communist party.
I'll foot the bill.
As far as I remember, he didn't say that.
Tom has already drunk three cups of coffee.
How to get that done?
Tom wanted to stop and think.
I detest having to hurry in the morning.
She detests speaking in public.
He had faults, but despite that I loved him.
That wasn't my intention.
I like candlelight.
Many fish swim in the river.
That isn't funny.
The clouds hid the sun.
He trimmed his beard for the wedding.
I don't think he can do that.
The thieves hid in the woods.
Rockefeller was governor of New York.
He was educated at a public school.
He was cast as Hamlet.
He failed to wake Harry up.
He succeeded in waking Harry up.
He is proud of having been educated in Paris.
Don't call me an idiot!
The doctor advised Mr White not to smoke too much.
I'd like to reserve a table for two.
As soon as I sat down, I fell asleep.
We felt anxious for her safety.
We took a wrong turn.
The cup is on the table.
No, I agree.
Do you want sugar?
Who did you hear this news from?
Look at those black clouds.
Keep the secret.
He was sitting drinking wine.
No doubt he will come.
My profession is policemen.
She poured a cup of tea for me.
This material stretches easily.
The man committed murder.
I don't think that Tom realizes how rude he's being.
My brother is good at mathematics.
He is not the coward that he was ten years ago.
The train leaves at nine o'clock.
That type of temple influenced all of the Middle East, mainly Egypt.
I heard the news through the grapevine.
That is a leather belt.
We agree.
Her house is enclosed with a white fence.
I always feel blue on Mondays.
John Kerry opposed this idea.
If he's proficient in English, I'll hire him.
He's at home in all the sciences.
How charmed I am when I overhear a German word which I understand!
I like to study foreign languages.
His strange habit confounded them.
You can always count on me.
It is our duty to help them.
Can you recommend a hotel?
It's extremely cold today.
She picked me an apple.
Tom doesn't know the difference between a star and a planet.
Tom doesn't know the difference between God and the Devil.
People love to talk - talk - talk.
She always turns a deaf ear to my advice.
I dare do all that may become a man; who dares do more is none.
I came, I saw, I conquered.
Art is long, life is short.
Man is a wolf to man.
It's a pity when somebody dies.
Tom doesn't know the difference between Iraq and Iran.
Why is he hiding?
I didn't even kiss her.
I feel the hunger of a 1000 devils.
I don't have a computer at home.
He retired at the age of 65.
I'm doubtful that he's going to come.
I had no visitors today.
This plan had little chance of success.
I'll try my luck.
You are not able to swim, are you?
What time does the train leave?
She hates fish and never eats any.
I had to leave the theatre in the middle of the concert.
The girls were not afraid, but the boys were.
Tom is really good at math.
I have six mouths to feed.
Ann gave me this present.
We take part in Red Cross movement.
He doesn't have any idea how important this meeting is.
These facts will bear out his story.
He raised his hand to ask a question.
Is that today's paper?
However, stressed Vladimir Putin, "today is another situation".
I traveled abroad twice in my youth.
The teacher noted several mistakes in my recitation.
This ring has lost its glitter.
Confirm the order.
Confirm the order.
We could see the full extent of the park from the hotel.
I will side with you just this once.
We got to the station in time to catch the bus.
How do you draw so well? I've never been able to do that.
How do you draw so well? I've never been able to do that.
Read between the lines.
You are not a coward.
What are you selling?
He did not agree with it.
Buy the full version.
Oh, if I catch you!
Take your time. There's no hurry.
Which brand do you prefer?
I have a lot of questions.
There's still a long way to go.
I discovered too late that I left out the most important part of my speech.
He said we must keep the secret.
He is a very imaginative writer.
I'm hating this weather!
I couldn't make myself understood well in English.
Is there a cure for stupidity?
One who knows no love knows no unhappiness.
Do you think I'm joking?
Dogs can swim.
It took me a little more time than usually to fall asleep.
By the way, I loved the letter.
They are leaving in three days, that is to say June 10th.
He has a strong sense of responsibility.
What kinds of meat dishes do you serve?
He had just arrived.
I like dancing too.
He was strict with his children.
Please be sure to close the windows before you go out.
Cats that are completely white with blue eyes are always, or nearly always, deaf.
I was on time for dinner.
Are you doing anything special?
I am very tired from a long drive.
We put sugar in our tea.
We take our tea with sugar.
He is always throwing his weight around.
I became very nervous when I couldn't locate my passport.
I must make sure whether he is at home or not.
He gave her a piece of paper.
I heard a voice cry "Help!". I was laughing.
I felt very awkward.
Last night it was so hot that I couldn't sleep well.
She plans to stay at the Oriental Hotel.
I wish I had not spent so much money.
Wherever you go, I will follow you.
I have some idea of what happened.
Every time it rains, the roof leaks.
Helen got off at the next stop.
Someone leaked the secret to the enemy.
I like pigs. Dogs look up to us. Cats look down on us. Pigs treat us as equals.
One person more or less doesn't make much difference.
A stranger came up and asked me the way to the hospital.
You're not gonna die, eh?
Please eat some cake.
All I can do is to do my best.
There is an old man sitting on a bench.
What kind of sports do you do?
Sweet dreams, Timmy.
Do you mind if I open the window and let the smoke out?
Please lay down your coat.
He barely passed the examination.
When you pose a question, you expect an answer.
I hope they arrive soon.
His address is a concise speech.
I'm getting more and more gray hair.
Did I hurt you?
As far as I know, he has not arrived yet.
I don't care how much you say you love me. I know your feelings for her haven't changed.
Several students came to the library.
We had a great time.
Alas! You do not know me, Sir.
Fine. Where?
I'm going to study French next year.
Shall I cook dinner today?
She is very anxious about his health.
Tom will remember this weekend as long as he lives.
Tom took out a pencil and started to write.
His income is too small to support his large family.
How do you like them apples?
He told us such a funny story that we all laughed.
He is hiding something from me.
She covered the mouthpiece of the phone with her hand.
It doesn't matter whether you win or not.
The value of the dollar began to drop.
This is a splendid house.
The peace talks begin this week.
A teacher should never laugh about a pupil who has made a mistake.
He got a broken jaw and lost some teeth.
He was made to sign the contract against his will.
He subido dos veces el monte Fuji.
I don't want to risk my life.
He lives in the southern part of the city.
The computer is new.
He will be punished.
We'll arrive there within an hour.
We thought he was an American.
We took him for an American.
This is a limited time offer to new customers only.
I am happy to spend money on books.
Her cheeks flamed up.
She gradually began to understand.
He kept reading a book.
Tom can't swim yet.
Tom can't swim yet.
Rotate your screen to see other images.
Tom is quite good at Photoshop.
Breakfast is at half past nine.
May I take off my coat?
The rabbit's ear is bleeding.
Who ate the bread?
They know how to swim.
I'll teach you how to drive a car.
What were you arguing about?
What were they arguing about?
He ate the whole apple.
He always relies on other people.
Tom chopped firewood all afternoon.
May I ask you a few questions?
Armstrong was the first man to reach the moon.
You have to take the bull by the horns.
We've had a lot of storms this winter.
In the sight of God, all men are equal.
In the sight of God, all men are equal.
Alas! We are ruined.
Tom has gone insane.
The library is on the 4th floor.
Tom is the only man in the world that can pull this off.
He fell asleep right away.
She whispered to me that she was hungry.
They want to build a fence around their home.
Nine planets including the earth are moving around the sun.
Anyone who is unwilling to read does not understand the joy of reading.
He took out his pen to sign his check.
I have doubts about his success.
I hate you.
Farewell!
Your hair shines like gold.
I have often been asked that question.
He acts as if he were a king.
The boy released a bird from the cage.
I cannot drink coffee without sugar.
He hates Nancy.
She was radiant with love.
He concealed the fact from me.
Who can deal with this difficult situation?
Tom may have missed the train. He hasn't come yet.
Tom never jokes about his job.
James Madison hated the idea.
Let me make you a cup of hot coffee.
She is kissing him.
Allow an hour to get to the station.
Thank you for the pleasant evening.
A bus driver is responsible for the safety of the passengers.
My grandmother never changed her style of living.
She boiled the eggs.
The poor young man finally became a great artist.
This ability to communicate helps us a lot.
He is proud of his family.
Ultimately, space flight will be beneficial to all mankind.
I've lost my passport.
Don't listen to him. He's just kidding.
There is no need to reply to that letter.
My hat is bigger than Jim's.
He didn't reveal his secret.
After you leave, I'll be lonely.
Do you know how to operate a computer?
Which cap is yours?
My birthday approaches.
Tom has already drunk three cups of coffee.
Michael is a man's name, but "Michelle" is a woman's name.
He discussed the problem with his son.
Yukiko likes potatoes.
Do you prefer red or white wine?
The sun is shining in the sky.
I can't fly.
I can't prove it, but I'm sure he was murdered.
I bought a few eggs and a little milk.
He is an actor.
The height of the tower is above 100 meters.
I'm trying to sleep.
I'm trying to remember.
I'm trying to remember.
We have a reservation for six-thirty.
I'm looking forward to the summer vacation.
A thousand dollars is a large sum.
The poet gave the girl a rose.
I felt very relieved when I heard the news.
Tom knows he made a mistake.
The lack of money is the root of all evil.
He wants an apple.
There are 31 days in December.
She didn't want him to die.
He left the room.
That isn't true.
I didn't mean to give you that impression.
I trust him completely.
This rule has no exceptions.
Fall is finally coming!
The train leaves in ten minutes.
He put a cap on his head.
He can't drive.
The queen of the witches is dead.
Tom had no place to go.
Tom had to answer the phone.
Tom isn't stupid.
What do you think of this red hat?
My teeth are chattering because of the cold.
I hear that she's Mr. Smith's secretary.
I hear that she's Mr. Smith's secretary.
An hour has sixty minutes.
Will you send it by mail?
That is the temple which they live in.
Let him who is without sin cast the first stone.
We live near a big library.
The girl buys milk at the market.
The woman suspected that her son was using drugs.
I keep fit by jogging every morning.
I'll never leave you.
My boss is very cheerful today.
I'm starving!
I'm as hungry as a bear.
I didn't have time to read.
Mr. Johnson is a wonderful music teacher.
The teacher asked me a difficult question.
Ten dimes are equal to one dollar.
She gave birth to a baby boy.
The rumor turned out to be false.
He came to my house on the pretext of seeing me.
The whole class is present today.
Our hotel is on the next street.
I could swim faster when I was young.
Someone stole my stuff.
He warned me of the danger.
We often eat raw fish.
Mahatma Gandhi once told me: "Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever."
Mahatma Gandhi once told me: "Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever."
I wrote down his phone number lest I should forget it.
Mary hates her job for many reasons.
He thinks that life is like a voyage in a sense.
John ran to the station so as to catch the last train.
He is out of control when drunk.
The road is under repair.
She didn't like him at first.
He sat on the bench in the park.
In which folder did you save the file?
Is it always so awful in April?
What he said turned out to be a lie.
I'll be lonely after you've gone.
He has the habit of reading the newspaper during meals.
My brother advised me to stop smoking.
She touched him on the shoulder.
I'm a monk.
He left the room without saying a word.
Since you're tired, you should rest.
She married a rich old man.
I bought half a dozen eggs.
I like your tie.
I hugged him tightly and cried.
Old age isn't pleasant.
Prices will continue to rise.
I want a map of Texas on a scale of 1 to 250000.
This ladder is metal.
Two criminals escaped from prison.
You should follow the doctor's orders.
My brother helped me with my homework.
This is a very useful book.
It's a lie we don't believe any more.
Tom doesn't care what happens.
None of the candidates got a majority of the votes.
Mr. Hobson closed the store and went home.
Someone stole my passport.
Tom has lost interest in watching TV.
How much do I have to pay?
Hey, Ayako! Please speak more loudly.
Even when I was a child, I was able to swim well.
The ice was thick enough to walk on.
I can jump.
Who broke this?
Though I have neither money nor friends, I am not so unhappy as you think.
I have already read today's paper.
He was on the verge of revealing the secret when a sharp look from Martha shut him up.
I know Mr. Saito by sight, but I haven't met him yet.
What should I do to stop hiccups?
We are listening to the radio.
The fire was so intense that the firemen couldn't get into the house.
I hope that you'll accept my request.
He is, indeed, a man of his word.
How deep is the lake?
As soon as man is born, he begins to die.
The result of my exams was not what I had expected.
His shoes are brown.
Something was stirring in the dark.
Reading books is a habit of mine.
Some people are killing time relaxing on park benches.
You'll be sorry!
The conference ended two hours ago.
I listen to the radio every night.
They're all the same size.
He is not as young as he looks.
Bring me today's paper, please.
After years of suffering, she finally decided to forget the past and begin a new life.
He made a vivid impression.
Tom bought some expensive meat to cook for dinner.
Is that pure gold?
The hero finally defeated the evil scientist.
Tom did okay on the test.
I'm asking you not to fulfill any of my requests.
That tie suits you very well.
Christopher Columbus once found the Holy Grail but threw it out because he didn't like the color.
I pulled a muscle.
Take off your coat and make yourself at home.
Did you do the homework by yourself?
They felt that now was not the time to start a civil war.
He's a man we can trust.
He was killed with a sword.
Her face was bright with happiness.
Where were you when the explosion occurred?
Thank you for the wonderful gift.
Please remind me of the time of the meeting.
He took care of the business after his father's death.
So don't hesitate.
I believe in friendship.
Teach me how you do it.
I am tired; nevertheless, I must finish my homework.
It's said that he knows the secret.
You won't find much news in today's newspaper.
He's accustomed to traveling.
Would you teach me how to make cheese?
I didn't want to spend any more time working on that project.
In the vacation, I read the entire works of Milton.
Tom fell and hurt his knee.
These apples look very fresh.
We wouldn't be in this mess if you'd just done what I told you.
He is such a tall man that he can touch the ceiling.
These shoes are so tight that I can't put them on.
I can't fall asleep.
Tom is studying the ancient civilizations of the Mediterranean.
Words can not convey how glad I am.
This tea is too bitter.
How lucky you are!
This egg has a bad smell.
My bag was stolen.
Don't worry about the results of the exam.
You can't cheat fate.
The fire started in the bathhouse.
According to legend, those woods used to be haunted, so people would avoid entering.
It's hard for foreigners to learn Japanese.
We must try to protect the environment.
Which college are you aiming for?
The boy ran away.
I want to study German.
I will study German.
I read the most interesting book in my library.
You can't apply this theory to this case.
She is a most gracious neighbor.
My heart knows the truth.
Every man should learn how to cook.
I don't put sugar in my coffee.
I'll let you know beforehand.
I caught a cab from the station to the hotel.
Whether you agree or not, I cannot change my mind.
Please show me your stamp album.
He stood behind his mother.
The U.S. president's passport is black, not blue like an average citizen's.
I hate politics.
The elevator is out of order today.
Tom isn't very good at sports.
Sweet dreams!
Even though there were many cookies on the dish, I only ate three.
I suppose you're hungry.
Thanks to his advice, we could finish it earlier than we had expected.
He is talking of going to Spain this winter.
What is the best concert you've ever been to?
Where is the nearest bench?
Somebody has left his bag on the bench.
A drunken man was sleeping on the bench.
He was sitting on a bench with his eyes closed.
I respect Mr. Brown.
There is an apple on the table.
The theatre usually opens at this time.
You must turn in your old license in order to get a new one.
The boy is jumping.
There were no radios in those times.
He is always joking.
Bill did not commit the crime.
Tom paid the bill.
He laughed at my joke.
Is Mr. Schmidt at home now?
The train is arriving soon.
Do you find it risible?
Don't close your eyes.
He spends a great deal of money on books.
I totally agree.
He is always yelling at his children.
My pen has been stolen.
I hate working.
If your feelings are still what they were last April, tell me so at once.
You'll soon get used to eating Japanese food.
Tom usually goes to bed at ten-forty.
Give me the details.
I've got no worries.
I left my card at home.
He can't take his eyes off her.
If you should need any help, just let me know.
We can always find time for reading.
Two wrongs don't make a right.
He was involved in the trouble.
Meat is very expensive nowadays.
The soup in the bowl was very delicious.
Tom can't decide what to buy.
My birthday is November 10th.
The earth is small in comparison with the sun.
Good for you!
The teacher suggested that we go to the library to study.
Why won't my dog eat dog food?
Stop complaining!
The fire burnt ten houses down.
You may invite any person who wants to come.
Even though I don't wear those shoes anymore, I can't bring myself to get rid of them.
I had to pay a large sum of money to get it back.
We can only teach.
Tom finds it difficult to keep up with the rest of the class.
We had a rest in the shade.
I have nothing particular to do now.
I will arrive on 23rd of May.
I will not be dictated to by some idiot in the personnel department.
Weather changes often.
In case of fire, press this button.
Life's not fair.
He began skinning the animal.
He went to America to study American literature.
The boy has learned to read.
Happiness in marriage is entirely a matter of chance.
Please find out where she is.
He was alone in the darkness - and nobody else.
The experiment must begin.
The day is almost over.
Why do you think Tom prefers living in the country?
Do you mind if I take a day off?
The train had already left when they got to the station.
Are you ready to start your journey?
I attend a public school.
Has prison changed her?
What happened next was terrible.
We shared the cost of the meal.
I don't know how to operate this computer.
Tom buys two or three cameras every year.
She was obliged to marry the old man.
She looks happy on hearing the news.
An old man entered the old church with his elder son, his younger daughter and her little baby.
I want to reach the hotel before it gets dark.
Tears ran down my face.
Was I wrong?
You can trust him.
I'm not deaf.
She stirred the soup with a spoon.
Tom certainly has a better understanding of this matter than I do.
I don't like the sun, I prefer the rain and dance under it.
I'll have to take over my father's business in the future.
Wolves usually don't attack people.
Silence is golden.
Since it's cold outside, you'd better put your overcoat on.
She should be charged with murder.
This is your first assignment.
That experiment led to a great discovery.
Japan may appear to be peaceful and tranquil on the surface but the fact is that there are a lot of deep-rooted problems.
He has a remarkable memory.
Please make sure the drinking water is pure.
You must not write a letter with a pencil.
I no longer love you; therefore, I am sad.
The automobile has changed our life.
You should have kept it secret.
Lights, camera, action!
We're eating apples.
He can't run his own family, let alone a nation!
The war lasted two years.
I was surprised to see a lion.
I don't know how he received the news, but he certainly wasn't happy about it.
I want to travel this summer, but I don't know where to go.
Valentine's Day is close, and I still don't know what to give to her.
I know quite a few people who don't eat meat.
I'm studying for my exam.
Many Americans supported Nixon.
Don't complain.
That became a habit.
With respect to these letters, I think the best thing is to burn them.
She will give birth in July.
I heard that he'd died.
Strong winds stripped the tree of its leaves.
He objected to our plan.
I don't know how to read between the lines.
She shook her head.
The foreigner comes from Scotland.
She can ask and answer questions.
I like to eat apples.
Don't rely on him.
I could not help laughing.
Hundreds of people were killed.
Hold on a second.
I kept on working.
Half of the apples are rotten.
Where did you hide the food?
God loves you and has a wonderful plan for your life.
That student is very active.
I had to change the plan.
Whether you agree or not, I cannot change my mind.
My wife spends money as if I were the richest man in town.
This land is my property.
Do you sometimes study in the library?
The income from this source is tax-free.
She has a good command of English though she was brought up in Japan.
The house exactly corresponds with my needs.
You will find that book in the historical section of the library.
He took off his coat and put it on again.
Can you please pour me some more wine?
She has a loose tongue.
I wear a suit, but not a tie.
Tom changed his mind after thinking over the matter for a long time.
The woman stands before the library.
She will have a child next month.
Faith can move mountains.
Tom turned red.
Who’s that guy swimming in the river?
I saw him jump.
Our marriage is over.
The dog should be on a chain.
Tom wants to change the world.
Your son is a genius.
Mr Johnson is older than I thought he was.
Why are you studying French?
They gave the spaceship the name “Discovery”.
It would be better to be blind than to see that.
From the 5th to the 15th of January, please.
It was hard for him to stop working.
How much did you pay for this?
I don't think he's a great actor.
He returned from Holland in June.
She was anxious about his health.
He was in the seventh heaven.
The style is nice, but do you have it in a different color?
The girl in the blue coat is my daughter.
What a pity you can't dance!
I didn't take your bloody car, for crying out loud!
Her death is a blow to my feelings.
My father did not let me marry him.
I have a very old stamp.
Do you sometimes study in the library?
Do you still need money?
You belong to the next generation.
You belong to the next generation.
How dare you speak like that to me?
I am studying with the purpose of being able to speak Quechua.
I can never thank you enough.
Tom demanded an explanation.
When did the wedding take place?
She continued her talk.
What do you have for breakfast?
What do you eat for breakfast?
It is no use arguing about it.
I'm going to rest, OK?
The lecture starts at 8 o' clock.
They sat under a tree.
Turning to the right, you will see a white tower.
Generally speaking, Westerners don't eat fish raw.
I'm going to kill you for wasting my time.
Please give my proposal one more chance.
Are you ready for the trip?
Are you ready for the trip?
What was the cause of the explosion?
You have done very well.
You have done very well.
She is doing her homework now.
You should not rely on others.
No citizen should be deprived of his rights.
Seen from the moon, the earth looks like a ball.
I think you owe her an explanation.
Have you prepared everything for tomorrow?
He knows how to swim.
Are you nuts?
I swim almost every day.
Maria is sad today.
I have the blues today.
The earth's moon is a natural satellite.
Make sure that the dog does not escape.
The child's nose is bleeding.
We didn't argue!
I need new speakers for my PC.
We've got him by the balls.
Take the bags upstairs.
Not a sound was heard.
Dust was blowing in the wind.
This is what I found in the cave.
When I was a kid, I loved the film Jurassic Park.
What time does the train for Milan leave?
You have dirt under your fingernails.
USSR stands for "Union of Soviet Socialist Republics".
Are you joking or are you serious?
We're out of stock now.
Knock when going to the bathroom, OK?
We saw clouds above the mountain.
He is leaving for Peru tomorrow, isn't he?
Tom died of hunger.
Tom died of hunger.
Wow, that's pretty. The sea is shining.
My mother almost never complains.
Tom can't swim.
She feeds her dog the same thing that she eats.
I have the complete works of Shakespeare.
Helen Keller was deaf and blind.
A pity it ended like this.
Of the three candidates, I think Mr. Smith is the best.
There is little furniture in my house.
How much money do you want to earn?
It is not far away from the hotel.
Selling cars is my job.
I have terrible pains.
Hey, I may have no money, but I still have my pride.
What languages do you know?
Do you have any news?
Tom is the victim of a terrible crime.
Do unto others as you would have them do to you!
His father passed away last night in the hospital.
You want answers to questions you shouldn't ask.
I don't understand this word.
Students bustled about all through the night.
We understood that you've eaten a lot.
She sat surrounded by her grandchildren.
She's in good physical condition.
She's the girl of my dreams.
We have run short of food.
Have you eaten dinner?
Her tears perplexed him.
I want him to be informed about that in advance.
She laid down the gun on the floor.
A cow gives us milk.
All my efforts are nothing compared to yours.
Die already!
Did I fall asleep?
If anything goes wrong, I'll answer for the consequences.
I mortgaged my house.
Why should we study economics?
Try to take account of everything before you make a decision.
It's horrible.
He buys clothes.
I'm tired of you.
I soon learned how to swim.
I have a lorry.
The wedding will take place on Saturday.
Do you have any grandchildren?
Hey, Zgana, how old are you?
Tom doesn't know how to dance.
The school is farther than the station.
I went to sleep with a handkerchief over my face.
The country is in a bad economic state.
The family is eating breakfast outdoors.
This is our last chance.
There is an album on the shelf.
I want to eat it.
That coat is just the style I've been looking for.
Ken always takes his mother's side when his parents argue.
This is a business paper.
If I had time, I would study French.
The building burst into flames.
Lucy and I have about the same number of friends.
Compared with yours, my car is small.
This pen doesn't work.
There is no rule without exceptions.
People like to fight.
When's the wedding?
There is an apple under the desk.
She managed to drive a car.
He has got a job.
Dr. Smith gave me some meds to calm down, but I didn't take them.
As far as I know, he is one of the best doctors in town.
Your dog is very big.
The school year ended.
I think we could be great friends.
I bought him a drink to thank him for his help.
I wonder why Tom didn't go to the concert.
Correct me if I'm wrong.
The rise and fall of the sea is governed by the moon.
Invite whoever you like.
This is a three-star hotel; three hundred dollars a night.
He is as good as gold.
Tom came just in the nick of time.
The doctor arrived in the nick of time.
He seems to be unaware of his mistake.
It doesn't matter very much which college you graduated from.
You'd better get your stuff together now because we're leaving in ten minutes.
Even though we're engaged, she wouldn't let me kiss her.
That should buy us some time.
I confessed to stealing the money.
You look tired.
She returned the book to the library.
The sun has just sunk below the horizon.
I refuse to talk to you!
The trouble is that she lacks experience.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome aboard.
Everything was very good.
It is hardly worth discussing.
We are just in time for the last train.
Unfortunately he refused to come.
It's only a matter of time before Tom gets into trouble again.
You should emphasize that fact.
I suggested that he follow my advice.
The day will come when space travel becomes possible.
He knows the secret.
I have written down his phone number.
She is not only gentle but brave.
Tom still hasn't paid me.
My father made me a delicious lunch.
Tom is hard up for money.
He is not stupid.
She quit school for health reasons.
I made a big mistake thinking he was an honest man.
I have never been spoken to by a foreigner before.
Please send my regards to your family.
He asked that we be silent.
You always fight!
She poured some milk from the bottle.
He gave several examples of how we could change things.
If she didn’t see you then there’s nothing to worry about.
Can I have it? "Sorry, I drank it at the hotel!" "Thought so."
You're a beast! You haven't even missed one question!
Tom picked up that habit from his father.
She went upstairs to her bedroom.
He came from Tokyo yesterday.
I sold my books at a reasonable price.
He was not happy at all.
I'm calling you on behalf of Mr. Simon.
Don't look only on the dark side of life.
The blue roses are very beautiful.
Nancy looks so tired.
She told him not to worry.
I think he's making a big mistake by turning down the job.
Reaching into his pocket, Dima pulled out a giant briefcase.
Three months before Tom was to graduate from college, he died.
Tom is the very best person for the job.
The musician has many friends.
I like red roses.
I run before breakfast every morning.
He risked losing all his fortune.
He went back to get his hat.
Visitors may not feed the animals.
She stood there even after the train was out of sight.
She pointed at him.
The weather was lovely when I left home.
I made a serious mistake.
He opened the door of the car.
I'm studying in the library.
Let's spend less time arguing and more time working.
Jim stayed with us while he was in Japan as an exchange student.
There are six people including him.
Do you know where he could have hidden his money?
Birds of a feather will gather together.
The girl dressed in white is his fiancée.
The company stands for free trade.
In the case of fire, dial 119.
There is no sugar left in the pot.
Cathy stopped picking flowers.
The meeting will take place no matter what the weather is like.
I really don't like Apple products.
I want eternal life!
Stay in touch with the most important people in your life.
My parents told me that we should respect the elderly.
He is not mad.
I hear foetal heart sounds.
I had my hat blown off.
He gave me an apple.
By the way, in case he comes, let him wait for me.
I don't trust this Tatoeba group.
The assistant took the money.
In case of fire, you should dial 119 immediately.
He picked up something white on the street.
There is an urgent need for water.
I'm a tourist, too.
It was an awful week.
Do you want another cup of tea?
Mr. Ford owns this land.
He decided to have surgery.
I love him despite his faults.
I own a horse.
I need money.
They escaped from prison.
Man has the gift of speech.
Which team won the game?
She defeated him.
She takes pride in her daughter.
I took the elevator down.
After his accident, he is happy to be alive.
He drank a cup of coffee.
Pass me the salt.
I own this man.
I can do it if you give me a chance.
The plane was approaching London.
Who lives in the room below?
Is my explanation clear?
I've dropped a bomb on Moscow.
I saw the car hit a man.
The last Russian Emperor, Nicholas II (Nikolay Alexandrovich Romanov), was born 144 years ago (in 1868).
She left the room.
Jiro advised me on which book to buy.
There is quite a bit of water remaining.
Why did he change his plans?
The examinations will begin on Monday next week.
Their trip in 1903 lasted 63 days.
Bill is a great fighter.
This coat does not fit me any more.
Mother often said that she was proud of me.
The hotel can accommodate 300 people.
I have a corner in my heart just for you.
As you make your bed, so you must lie in it.
Tom makes beautiful furniture out of wood.
Every nation has its peculiar character.
Tom was so busy he skipped lunch.
Tom was so busy he skipped lunch.
Old as he is, he is very healthy and active.
Television can dull our creative power.
I don't have the slightest idea what to do.
He and his companion asked me to come along with them.
Give Brian a big hug for me!
They felt that now was not the time to start a civil war.
Give Brian a big hug for me!
He provided us with everything we needed.
He was determined never to meet her again.
I saw her at the station five days ago, that is, last Friday.
He was determined never to meet her again.
Do you have anything to add to his explanation?
The library is eighty years old.
Most Americans supported the decision.
Please find me my overcoat.
Lions and tigers are called big cats.
She argues just for the sake of arguing.
There's no need for us to argue about this.
After splitting up with her, Simon walked away without looking back.
I got it for nothing.
This book is of great use to us.
I keep in touch with my parents in my hometown by phone.
She likes going to the library.
We have the exclusive right to sell them.
This coffee has a bitter taste.
This poor cat almost died of hunger.
When I arrived at the station, the train was just about to leave.
The child was hiding in the box.
She brought me a cup of tea without sugar.
This tea is too sweet.
Remember these rules.
I've always wanted to learn to cook like you.
Today, I'm going to talk about the importance of sport in modern society.
Taking everything into consideration, he can't be the criminal.
We have half a dozen eggs.
They got married last fall.
She sells flowers.
They're against animal abuse.
Mr Colcott came to like Japanese food.
In Japan we have a lot of rain in June.
When eating, the largest plate is always the table.
When does the next train leave?
Mr. Yamada gives us a lot of homework every day.
Be reasonable.
The cat ran away.
The cat ran away.
I ran into your brother on the street.
He grouped his books into five categories.
He grouped his books into five categories.
Why did she go to the station?
The legend gave the name to the place.
A captain is above a sergeant.
It's just a dream.
Beware of pickpockets here.
Beware of pickpockets here.
Sugar is sweet.
Samantha has arrived.
He eats, breathes and sleeps computers.
Write down your name here.
We need this report by tomorrow.
They spent hours in argument about the future of Japan.
Tom got scared.
The motor does not function properly.
Tom got a small piece of pie.
Tom got a small piece of pie.
This rope is very weak.
Words cannot express it.
Words cannot express it.
Words cannot express it.
Is this hat yours?
Being told the news, she jumped for joy.
Being told the news, she jumped for joy.
The hiker has reached the top of the mountain.
In case of fire, do not use the lift.
I realise that you are the second authority in Europe.
Why did she need to send for him?
The old woman fell and could not get up.
There's a lot of furniture in the room.
May I request a favour of you?
He used to suffer from stomach aches.
What time is the concert?
Salad forks are smaller than dinner forks and are placed further from the plate.
His words moved her to tears.
You have been doing well at school so far.
I don't care for flowers very much.
This is a surprising discovery.
You have only one chance to answer correctly.
Man has the gift of speech which no animal has.
He is deaf, but knows how to read lips.
Can I use the bathroom?
What time is the concert?
The trees were very scarce.
The trees were very scarce.
His sad story touched my heart.
Can you deliver this?
He checked the calculations again just to make sure.
Spirit manifested itself.
He did not think he needed their protection.
The murderer will soon confess his crime.
I wanted to make several phone calls.
Only after a long dispute did they come to a conclusion.
It was quite dark when I got there.
You can't count on him.
You are a criminal.
I agree with his plan.
She is reading a book in the library.
I found myself listening to his records.
I work in the State Department.
It was not time for relaxing at a place like this.
Would you mind helping me with my work? "Not at all."
The earth is a ball.
The financial situation is getting worse week by week.
The teacher illustrated his theory with pictures.
Be quiet while I am speaking.
By the end of the trip we were very thirsty.
What club would you like to join?
You have no idea of how to speak in public.
She is certain to pass the exam.
Don't worry, be happy.
I checked to make sure that he was still alive.
Mr Johnson is self-employed and deals in repairing furniture.
In the past it was thought the world was flat.
What activity do you spend most of your time doing?
My uncle is the manager of this hotel.
Put the animals into the cage.
President Roosevelt opposed the decision.
You can have the rest.
We considered the problem from all angles.
The USA is composed of 50 states.
It goes without saying that English is an international language.
We study English, and that subject is important today.
What is your name, sir?
Starting next week, I'll be on the late shift.
Do you know how to cook meat?
It was surprising to see how fast the child grew up.
Tom hates it when it's cold.
He arrived at the station at five.
She doesn't want him to pick the flowers.
He has some income in addition to his salary.
You shouldn't drink and drive.
You can get a fine view of the sea from the mountaintop.
They were victorious.
We have more than enough time to spare.
He died at a very old age.
I'm going to sit on the bench over there next to the street lamp.
Tom got these tickets for nothing.
In Tokyo, the cold season starts in the middle of November.
I never thought he was capable of doing something so cruel.
I used to dream about becoming a model.
I have a lot of money at my disposal.
Suicide is an act of desperation.
They'll be very afraid.
We heard a noise in the bedroom.
Passion creates suffering.
I don't think many people can say they are satisfied with their salary.
If at all possible, you should go and look into the matter yourself.
There is a bank in front of the station.
Do you have a school lunch at school?
I just proposed a new version.
The recent "Newton Project" digitized all of his manuscripts, so it is now possible to read what he wrote in his own handwriting.
The only true language in the world is a kiss.
He survived being struck by lightning.
Dance is a beautiful part of every culture.
Goodbye and good luck.
Tom can't drive a bus.
What makes one person a genius and another person a fool?
As far as I know, what he has said is true.
Tom is interested in French music.
She got married when she was twenty-five.
I don't get it. Where's the punch line?
She is a wonderful wife.
He has earned a lot of money.
I enjoyed the concert except that the hall was cold.
My brother has been sick since yesterday.
Driving a car is really very simple.
My father used to read me bedtime stories.
He will follow my advice.
He refuses to listen to me.
I'm studying English at home.
My school marks were average.
Turn on the light please.
Take away love, and our earth is a tomb!
He always took a seat in the front row.
He did badly at school.
Look at the cloud over there.
The girl under the tree looks sad.
I hate the tie you're wearing.
The rain began to turn into snow.
She wants to dance.
They earmarked enough money for research work.
Tom arrived last.
A true heart should never be doubted.
When in doubt tell the truth. It will confound your enemies and astound your friends.
He behaves as if he were insane.
Take off your coat.
I respect those who always do their best.
Let's not quibble over trivial matters.
He who surrenders hope, surrenders life.
This chapter of the book describes the crime as seen by the criminal.
Choose what is right, not what is easy.
He had gray hair.
As I'm very busy, don't count on me.
The dog was hit by a car.
For the most part, I enjoy watching all sports on TV.
Some people think the president spends too much time traveling.
We cross the railroad tracks every morning.
Let's call a spade a spade.
I opened the box out of curiosity.
May I use your car today?
I like their pictures.
The girl kissed her father on the cheek.
I am pleased with this watch my father gave me.
That's a lie!
The teacher asked me to read my paper in front of the class.
We can deliver it this evening.
You will soon get used to Japanese food.
The doctor advised Tom to stop drinking.
She wants a new hat.
I hate the world because the world hates me.
He stole her watch.
These pencils are the same color.
I'll win no matter what it takes.
The car left a cloud of dust behind it.
Tom is very good at swimming.
A new kind of bullet had been invented.
Do you like juice?
I decided to study stenography.
Tom must be proud of himself.
That would be great.
I couldn't even guess.
I paid no less than a hundred dollars for this pen.
Few people know that Mr Itsumi is from Kansai.
He would often swim in this river.
That's a nice ring.
Our plane is flying toward the south.
There's something funny going on here.
My roommate is learning Chinese.
An old woman is walking across the road.
She would never in the world marry Satou.
It is stupid of you to make such a mistake.
The dog is trying to escape.
The friends kissed each other on the cheek.
When will we leave?
He has sent you a new message.
I have a nasty feeling something awful is going to happen.
I want to eat some cake first.
Please do not talk to the driver while he's driving.
It lasted for twenty years.
He died soon after he received the documents.
If you are not going to the concert, then neither am I.
He's a terrible driver.
He doesn't stand a chance against his opponent.
We ordered 40 minutes ago.
In war, truth is the first casualty.
You can't step twice into the same river.
Tom showed me a picture of the food they had eaten.
Tom knows better than to play with matches.
There is nothing to be proud of.
A book came for you in the mail today.
What did I do to deserve this?
I am studying English in my room.
There are some things we can change if we choose to change them.
Why didn't you dance with him?
She got to the hotel late at night.
How do I get to the train station?
He is too young to go swimming alone.
Which period of history are you studying?
Do you own a house in Italy?
Just because I'm alone doesn't mean I'm lonely.
I used to swim here every day.
It's just your imagination.
When you stand so close to death, knowing that it will not touch you, you feel something special!
Her brother is a good driver.
Good night and sleep tight!
He ordered them to release the prisoner.
The meeting begins at three.
My father can swim, but my mother can't.
She blushed.
I woke you up.
As he grew up, he learned to put things in perspective.
He was in time for school.
Theory without practice will be no use.
The old man sat all alone.
He is a scholar and a musician simultaneously.
Are there any English magazines in this library?
In autumn, the moon is very beautiful.
I am looking for a good hotel.
Can I take your order now?
What medicine do you recommend?
I fully agree with all of you.
Sometimes you should sometimes make a mistake to be properly understood.
What time do you usually turn in?
That TV station broadcasts only movies.
I advise you to give up drinking.
I had my watch stolen.
The younger generation looks at things differently.
This is news to me.
One minute has sixty seconds.
When are you leaving?
He wrote it down so as not to forget it.
Tom usually shows up on time.
He has only one aim in life, to make money.
I'm coming in July.
We expected him to support us.
There's too much furniture in this room.
The pupil held up his hand to ask a question.
Yes, it happens from time to time.
He's stupid.
Tom switched on the TV.
He lives at the top of the hill.
You're the only one I can trust.
Hawaii is a paradise on earth.
Hawaii is known as an earthly paradise.
Can you pass me the salt?
He asked if I like Chinese food.
Southbound.
Tom can't get that car started.
Life is good because it does not always correspond to our expectations!
He submitted his written opinion.
Young and old went to battle.
The brothers were born twelve years apart.
Lend me your ears!
This is what my mother gave me when I got married.
He pressed the button and waited.
All men are equal.
Please allow me to ask you a few questions.
Do you see a boat on the horizon?
She's a wonderful wife and mother.
Speak slowly and clearly.
He complained that he couldn't find a job.
Living as I do in a remote village, I seldom have visitors.
Who stole the apples?
As he crossed the bridge, he looked down at the stream.
I'm afraid my greatest talent is for eating.
What symptoms do you have?
Father is proud of his car.
It was surprising that she said that.
She went to the park with him.
You did well not to follow his advice.
And does your son drive?
This is getting on my nerves.
This is the pen that he signed the document with.
I wasn't listening to the radio.
As far as I know, he has never come on time.
He suddenly stopped talking.
I acted up to my principles.
The distance from my home to yours is two kilometers.
Yes, I have a good idea.
He'll surely get caught and be put in prison.
Helen is very worried about her daughter.
I'm off to Turkey tomorrow.
It kept raining all day long.
You have to use the money wisely.
What sport do you like best?
We have nothing to complain about.
I'm not asking for the moon.
I'm depending on your help.
It has become noticeably colder.
He's not interested in politics.
Let's follow his advice.
Take a seat in the armchair and calm down a while.
She is very much afraid of dogs.
I kissed her on the mouth.
She wants you to learn how to read.
It is said that the war will end soon.
He was admitted without taking the exam.
There are fifty states in America.
I can't drink coffee as sweet as this.
The arrow indicates the way to go.
I need medical assistance.
Tom is convinced that the earth is flat.
You'll be told in advance.
Don't ask questions.
It's much too cold to swim.
What is on Channel 10?
He was accompanied by his wife.
For all I know, he could be in Paris right now.
The child pretended that it was asleep.
What would you like to do?
After the revolution, France became a republic.
You swim well, don't you?
I go to the library two or three times a week.
Tom says that he's never tried eating dog food.
She can drive a car.
She was advised by him to give up drinking.
It's naive of you to believe that.
As far as I know, there is no such word.
He died of old age two years ago.
Do you like this drawing?
She advised him to give up drinking.
If you would talk less and listen more, you might learn something.
Please say hello to your parents.
I seldom see him.
Our child likes dogs, but I prefer cats.
We don't have any tea any more.
Tom burned the letter.
You're magnificent.
This is the first time I've ever fought at work.
I would rather have a cat than a dog.
I cannot fish on the lake. It's forbidden.
Please show me the way to the station.
I cannot hang a picture in my office. It's forbidden.
I don't have time to be bothered by such small things.
The ancients believed the earth was flat.
I'm starving!
This is very true.
You're mistaken.
An historical event on Tatoeba: on July 12, 2012, Esperanto outstripped Japanese concerning the amount of phrases and took the second place on the language poll.
He found it impossible to lift the lid.
I was very glad to hear the news.
I would like to order drinks now.
Add a bit of sugar, please.
Your secret will be safe with me.
Girls, you did terrifically. You've truly earned this victory.
What is the purpose of your visit?
Theory and practice should go hand in hand.
Of course she passed the test.
You should take advantage of this opportunity.
I think you're mistaken.
Please, remember those words for the rest of your life.
I've made a horrible mistake.
The dog is dying.
He passed the exam.
School begins in April.
Don't rely on others.
Let's see how the negotiations pan out before we decide.
He arrived on time in spite of the rain.
You've done it very well.
Put on your coat.
Take off your coat.
This bird can't fly.
The house Tom built is wonderful.
My father has a habit of reading the newspaper before breakfast.
She took care of the child.
Coffee keeps me awake.
He looked at her from head to foot.
I dislike being alone.
That happens a lot.
You look horrible.
My English teacher has advised me to read these books.
Greet her, if you see her!
She always buys milk.
He went above and beyond the call of duty.
Don't forget to return the book to the library.
She married him last year.
Do you know how to swim?
He took a risk when he helped me.
The lamp is grey.
This is not funny!
He trusted you.
This is the reason I disagree with you.
Don't undo your bootlaces until you have seen the river.
Long live the Republic!
Tom goes to bed early.
Let's cut down our expenses.
The examination is at hand.
He hung up.
He won't live long.
I'm at your disposal.
He signed the check.
I am sad to hear it.
Mom is making a cake.
Then, please give him this note. This is urgent.
Go wake her up.
Thank you for helping me. "Don't mention it."
They danced all night long.
I go to bed early.
He advertised his house for sale.
Don't forget to sign your name.
I accept the challenge!
Health is worth more than gold.
Everyone is responsible for his own actions.
The family is forced to live on his little salary.
I slept like a log.
I can't trust him.
He is fat as a bear.
I'm getting married.
It fell to me to take care of the baby.
I'm afraid you have dialed a wrong number.
Don't worry. We are well.
If I had wings, I would fly to you.
Oh, don't worry about it.
That's none of your concern.
I don't quite follow you.
Trying to impress the girls, Martin?
He is above suspicion.
You broke the rules.
Tom rarely reads magazines.
It seems that many people don't know the difference between "their" and "they're".
You can count on her.
Some people have a terror of mice.
A person can't be taught anything - he/she can learn only him/herself.
I prefer a lighter color.
It's almost over.
She testified that she saw the man.
He can no more swim than a hammer can.
At last, we reached our destination.
Opportunity makes the thief.
For nothing this wide universe I call, Save thou, my rose; in it thou art my all.
Tom couldn't help smiling.
I feel like a brand new person.
Can your brother drive a car?
Yesterday was Tuesday, January 26, 2010.
For three days after death hair and fingernails continue to grow but phone calls taper off.
When he saw me, he ran away.
How much is an apple?
She glows with happiness.
This is my desk.
My husband reads the newspaper while eating breakfast.
She has a brilliant future.
It is of great value.
Treat her with respect.
She advised him to go to the police station, but he was afraid to.
She may be proud of her daughter.
Students are forbidden to smoke on the school grounds.
She makes her mother happy.
Those apples are big.
They were talking from 8 to 10 o'clock.
The news made him happy.
It's entirely up to you which one you may choose.
I understand now why he didn't go to a university.
I will get up before the day is breaking.
He respects his father.
We all agree with you.
They caught a lion alive.
The translation of this sentence is a bad translation.
I'm often wrong.
I'll keep it a secret. Don't worry.
Eat this up.
As far as we remember, at 500 meters we were still above the clouds.
A prudent bird chooses its tree. A wise servant chooses his master.
You must get off at the next station.
I should study now, but I prefer staying on Tatoeba.
You're so rude!
There is a strong bond between the brothers.
I went twice to Beijing and once to Shanghai.
You have the right to remain silent.
What time did she check out of the hotel?
There’s no proof of that.
If you gave him another chance, he'd do his best.
I'll manage.
Do you have a light?
She wants to marry her daughter to a doctor.
This is silly!
How can Tatoeba help you in translation?
Tom ate half a bag of potato chips.
I have read every book in the library.
Tom spends most of his money on food.
Attack is the best form of defense.
Tell her that I am joking with her.
My success was largely due to luck.
These computers are different types.
The little boy goes for a walk with his mother.
This book is excellent.
Please send me a reply as soon as you receive this mail.
We should save wild animals.
Do you want to watch this program?
What is there in your bedroom?
The room echoes with his voice.
A river runs down through the valley.
I am alive even though I am not giving any sign of life.
Mr. Kennedy pointed out our mistakes.
She kissed me, not him.
Don't treat me like a dog.
I took off my coat.
I will send you a tape of my voice.
Don't be disrespectful to your mother!
They helped one another with their homework.
We're in a library.
The bomb missed its target.
He can swim like a fish.
I'm not a magician.
Despite the government’s protection, he was the victim of an assassination attempt which killed him.
He arrived too early.
Some were unwilling to fight.
Some were unwilling to fight.
They want to change the law.
You study Chinese history.
You are making history.
It was at Oxford University that Tom studied history.
We need flour, sugar and eggs to make this cake.
This year we offer the same language course as last year.
You will have to be responsible for what you've done.
You will have to be responsible for what you've done.
My father complained about the traffic noise.
If you cannot work out the problem, you had better try a different method.
Don't worry about it, I'll go myself.
He had gray hair.
He had grey hair.
He ordered them to release the prisoner.
I suppose you like it.
He had the fortune to find a job.
I will never make such a mistake again.
What is the easiest way to learn English?
He spent the evening reading.
We are all Americans.
I had my money stolen.
I would like to express my gratitude for what you have done for this town.
I would like to express my gratitude for what you have done for this town.
He could swim fast enough to pass the test.
It's not worth worrying about it.
Times are changing.
It's as simple as two times two.
Tishrei is the first month of the Hebrew year.
I'm a dog.
We must cut down our expenses.
The situation is worse than we believed.
She is proud that her son has become a doctor.
It is doubtful whether she will come on time.
You're a murderer.
She trusts us.
He is sure that he will pass the next exam.
She fell into a deep sleep.
The fire wiped out the city.
He broke his left arm.
Have you heard the news?
Dead men tell no tales.
He doesn't have a computer.
I am afraid it is a reject.
Call me if you need my assistance.
Men and women need each other.
We need another person to play cards.
He is justly proud of his son.
There is no possibility of our finding him.
The problem resolved itself.
Let me see your wound.
May I go to bed?
Don't forget to mail this letter.
He ran away from her.
What made her do such a thing?
I am learning Quechua.
Do you want to see my translations?
The war had lasted four years.
The bus stopped to pick up passengers.
I'm beginning to hate her.
He read a most interesting novel yesterday.
The girl said that she had never heard of such a person.
The girl said that she had never heard of such a person.
It is time for me to take a vacation.
Wait till the rain stops.
Can I ask a question?
Living in the city is really different to living in the country.
It's unlikely that that movie will make a lot of money.
It's unlikely that that movie will make a lot of money.
It's unlikely that that movie will make a lot of money.
She didn't have any pencils.
The policeman told me that the last bus leaves at ten.
He brewed beer.
We go to the cemetery.
While you drive, you should focus on the road.
I agree with him.
I would like to ask two questions.
I would like to ask two questions.
I have been to Europe twice.
The girl is jumping.
Tom often sits in front of his computer all day.
It's awfully cold this evening.
The good news is that you're not going to die.
I put on my trousers.
Tom came to France with the intention of studying French.
I heard her to the end.
She should eat breakfast.
I can do that for her, unlike you.
We gave the enemy a drubbing.
My grandfather was a farmer.
My grandfather was a farmer.
Individual liberty is the essence of democracy.
She cooked some fish for me.
I'll now watch the news on TV.
It's my habit to read on the toilet.
I came to Toronto at the beginning of June.
How long have you known her?
How long have you known her?
I don't want to run such a risk.
Have a nice flight.
Lack of sleep whittled away her energy.
He had his car stolen in broad daylight.
The Pacific Ocean is one of the five oceans.
The reason for my absence is that I was ill.
The reason for my absence is that I was ill.
He was robbed of all his money.
She is in excellent physical condition.
You can use my car if you like.
The sun is brighter than the moon.
I am not accustomed to such treatment.
The effects of the illness were not serious.
She saw me enter the store.
Your cat is hiding from me.
Tom doesn't want to argue with you.
I might be wrong.
I might be wrong.
He hates air travel.
Can't you guess what I'm doing?
To be is to do.
This is a great theory.
Of the 23 who were arrested, four escaped.
I doubt that Tom is happy.
Their friendship ripened into a deep love.
She got married to him.
It was only a dream.
In own hut – there's own truth, own power, own will.
I don't know for certain when he will arrive.
We eat fish raw.
Let's sit down in the shade of that tree.
I didn't study either of the languages.
Such magazines have a great influence on children.
He promised to return the money without fail.
This offer does not meet our requirement.
Choose.
He told a friend that he felt very tired and weak.
Tom began crying.
I hate people who say that.
Tom doesn't know which button to push.
Tom certainly impressed the judges.
The bride suddenly laughed.
The bride suddenly laughed.
The bride suddenly laughed.
The bride suddenly laughed.
The bride suddenly laughed.
The bride suddenly laughed.
The room originally had no furniture.
Of course I remember the news quite well.
Tom doesn't eat meat or eggs.
I have no fever, but my throat hurts me. I can't either freery breathe.
Turn on the TV.
The train departs in five minutes.
Keep your eyes wide open before marriage and half shut afterwards.
Nature is the only book that offers important content on every page.
Which do you like better, Denver or Montreal?
You've been had.
I returned the book to the library.
I burst out laughing.
Richard Of York Gave Battle In Vain.
She will pay for everything.
It is difficult to keep up a conversation with someone who only says "Yes" and "No".
My mother is cooking breakfast.
Yana studies astrophysics in Yekaterinburg.
I didn't like to write official letters.
I was seen to cross the street.
I'm lonely.
Reading is prohibited in this library.
We have no secrets from each other.
Show me today's papers.
Sport means health.
He has a dog.
You'll regret having said those words.
The cat was playing with a live mouse.
Everyone has faults.
I am poor at drawing.
How can I sacrifice myself for something I don't believe in?
Don't go out after dark.
He has an ear for music.
I think it's highly unlikely that we'll be able to escape from this prison.
He gained weight.
Tom turned out to be a thief.
He doesn't seem to be an American.
You've got no choice.
Armenia is a mountainous country.
We've got no choice.
He applied for the job and got it.
Does it show?
I told you he was a coward.
This is Mary's dog.
All the apples are there.
What time do you go to sleep Saturday night?
What time do you go to sleep Saturday night?
How many people are on board?
Are you excited?
Could you wake me up at the same time tomorrow?
It's so painful. Stop it!
The students prepared for the examination.
The road makes a sharp right turn there.
His Majesty is waiting.
His Majesty is waiting.
Her Majesty is waiting.
He showed his real intentions.
I shall not allow anyone to harm you.
We can see the whole harbor from the building.
Don't die!
He drives a car, doesn't he?
What an idiot!
The sidewalks were wet after the rain.
Wow!
Do you mind if I open the window?
Do good to those who hate you.
Are you deaf?
I'm not hiding.
I am responsible for the mistake.
The air is damp.
They aren't swimming in the river.
You know I hate you for this!
She put the children to bed.
The school is on the hill.
He violated a law.
Old people look back on the past too much.
These are very big apples.
Does your school have a library?
Does your school have a library?
Our problems are nothing compared to hers.
Others thought of the blue cross.
Don't swear in public.
This egg is fresh.
Don't worry about others.
I feel we shall win.
Send it by mail.
There used to be an old temple here.
She made the same mistake again.
Pick up the pencil from the floor.
The Japanese government made an important decision.
They're having problems with their budget.
The war ended in 1945.
The car's engine broke down on the way.
Don't figure on going abroad this summer.
It would have been nice if you had helped me a little.
The atmosphere is being polluted.
The airplane was flying above the clouds.
They deserved it.
You'll see the bank on the left hand side of the hospital.
Because of his achievements, he is held in high esteem.
Man cannot live forever.
He is, without question, the best man for the job.
Why are we still talking about this?
Don't try to remember every sentence of the text, it's almost impossible.
Don't try to remember every sentence of the text, it's almost impossible.
Two brothers set out on a journey together.
The research done by them shows that Americans are not interested in Japan.
This coffee is brown.
My parents are very strict.
You can trust him to keep his word.
I'm asking you to say unambiguously yes or no.
This makes me laugh to death!
The computer's color is red.
Tom doesn't seem to be very tired.
The visitor left a message with his sister.
I have no idea what it means and you don't have to either.
Sit down with me.
Could you please clear the table?
He committed a serious crime.
He took part in the expedition.
What is your dream?
I went to sleep during the math lesson.
It's over between us. Give me back my ring!
Whenever I'm on top of a mountain, I feel grateful.
I've just arrived at the top of a mountain. That's really surprising, because according to my map, there should be a lake here.
Alice didn't see the dog.
The price of this tie is too high.
No Trespassing.
What caused the explosion?
We have just bought two pieces of furniture.
Lincoln won the elections.
He retired at sixty.
Let's suppose it's true.
They thanked God.
We ran out of food.
The dog is jumping.
Don't worry about me.
Tell her that I am joking.
She proved to be a great musician.
She trusts him.
I was given this watch by my uncle.
The boy began to cry.
Some of them are red; others are brown.
I'm so proud of my boys.
Cows give us milk and chickens give us eggs.
It's good for business.
Their apples aren't as tasty as ours.
He is not interested in art at all.
She prefers not to talk about it.
He is studying law at Harvard.
Fill this bottle with water.
I could not attend the meeting.
Blood flowed from the wound.
No man is without his faults.
One of us is wrong.
My dear, maybe you are hiding something from me!
Quit complaining.
I learned that from you!
He ran away in the direction of the wood.
The unhappy woman, drowned in tears, told her story.
If it looks like an apple and it tastes like an apple, it's probably an apple.
Who is that old woman?
Have you heard the news?
His death is a great loss.
Hay is for horses.
You broke the rule.
Sit with me.
These wild flowers give off a nice smell.
Don't worry!
I've got a great idea.
Tom closed his eyes and fell asleep.
Eggs can be used as weapons.
She lived a long life.
He knows how to draw animals.
She kicked me in the balls.
Can you tell me the way to the library?
Darwin changed the world.
We learned that the moon goes around the earth.
He is able to swim like a fish.
I sent her birthday present bу post.
Tom said he wanted to eat Chinese food.
Just be quiet.
The understanding of the present is impossible without a good understanding of the past.
Language cannot exist out of society.
Please accept this little gift.
God save the Queen.
What a lovely garden!
Everybody hates him.
Stop it right now!
Why does Tom always look so tired?
He was born on the 28th July 1888.
There was a great variety of dishes on the menu.
He asked a very good question.
But he knew he had no choice.
The music we listened to last night was wonderful.
Fear left him speechless.
I broke my leg.
We talked about various topics.
Maria spends a lot of money on clothes.
I cannot drive a bus.
I woke you up.
There is a spoon missing.
You may be right, but I am against your opinion.
Dreams came true.
He walked away with a sad look on his face.
Why didn't you follow my advice?
Sumo is a Japanese martial art.
Tom seemed to be worried about Mary.
Danger! High voltage.
It's dark, so watch your step.
I disagree.
I don't doubt that.
She can't drive.
I think it's sad to have no friends.
In 1978 a peace treaty was concluded between Japan and China.
It was not my intention.
I managed to acquire two tickets for the concert.
I managed to acquire two tickets for the concert.
I managed to acquire two tickets for the concert.
Have you lost weight?
I want to rent this room to a student.
He owns this land.
It is time for you to go to bed.
Sure. Good luck!
I have been to London twice.
You're a genius.
You always complain about the weather.
You can't just stand there and watch Tom die.
There's nothing for you to worry about.
You look great.
I'm not used to making speeches in public.
You should trust me.
When you lose, you actually win.
You can't just stand there and watch Tom die.
I feed my dog once a day.
The signal was red.
Tell her not to get near the dog.
Don't worry. I'll do it.
He never returned from that expedition.
He wants you particklar; no one else'll do, as the Devil's private secretary said ven he fetched avay Doctor Faustus, replied Mr. Weller.
My method is surprisingly simple, but the impact is big.
My method is surprisingly simple, but highly effective.
My method is surprisingly simple, but the impact is big.
I have doubts about his success.
Release him.
A rabbit is running in the garden.
The cruelest lies are often told in silence.
I will continue.
Guess what I'm holding in my hand.
I need a new computer.
Tom had nothing to hide.
I hate karaoke.
She was born with a silver spoon in her mouth.
I can't think straight.
A jack of all trades is a master of none.
She stopped crying altogether.
I have a large family to provide for.
Do you trust me?
I know where he lives. But it is a secret.
I can't walk anymore, Dad! Carry me, please!
Don't hate me!
Get down from there.
That goes over my head.
On my way to the library I met my friend.
How long has he been absent?
I disagree with you.
In case of fire, call 119.
It's already out of fashion.
Do you have two computers?
Will you please tell me the secret?
Get your hands off!
You and I are old friends.
I'm sorry I don't agree with you on that matter.
How can you be such an idiot?
Clear off the table.
Tom is very reliable.
The world is changing more and more quickly.
Our cow doesn't give us any milk.
I refuse to answer.
I'm so tired. I'm not even sure whether I'll be able to survive this day.
They buy vegetables at the supermarket.
You will never be alone.
It was his habit to get up early.
Don't change your plans, whatever happens.
This is why I hate him.
This product does not contain GMO.
I'll rip your fucking balls off if you ever as much as look her way.
Charlie Chaplin is an actor.
He is busy preparing for an examination.
We're flying above the clouds.
I am counting on you.
Don't force the child to eat.
There may be some truth in your story.
I'm worried about your health.
The concert was a great success.
Put in a little more sugar.
As a matter of fact, the owner of this restaurant is a friend of mine.
How dare you say such a thing to her!
I've got a fever.
Sit down and rest for a while.
Don't worry. I won't tell anyone.
There was no time left for an explanation.
I'm terribly hungry.
This is communism.
The train gained speed.
The water is icy.
Who owns this truck?
She's not yet heard the news.
He must be from the South.
Just a little more.
Despite his young age, he did a very good job.
He wants to learn how to cook.
I have to prepare the breakfast.
He seldom writes to his parents.
The young man knows the rules, but the old man knows the exceptions.
He gave me a promise to come back soon.
Passengers shall not converse with the driver while the bus is in motion.
Aren't they Americans?
They had no place to go.
I heard it on the radio.
Please do not enter the room without knocking.
That's a stupid name.
Ania is a lovely girl.
Whenever I'm on top of a mountain, I feel grateful.
Don't touch me.
I am jumping of joy.
All those flowers look alike.
I figure that she will succeed in her business.
I'd like to ask you a couple of questions.
I'd like to ask you a couple of questions.
The girl sings and dances and then laughs at me.
I have little time to read.
She supports her family.
I have no idea to what extent I can trust them.
When will they give a concert?
I'm using tools.
She is always complaining of her husband's small salary.
There is no doubt in my mind that Tom will win the election.
I don't have time to argue with you; I'm preparing the food.
She advised him not to do that.
It is next to impossible to see Rome in a day.
His income is three times larger than mine.
Many sailors can't swim.
He's in good physical condition.
Ai sat down beside me.
Don't be so hard on her. She meant well.
Why are they doing this?
I've got to warn them.
They got to the hotel after dark.
You have to study hard to catch up with your class.
Dancing is not a crime.
Where did you saw them?
The boy is swimming with his friends.
I've got no secrets from you.
I've got no secrets from you.
I think watching TV is a waste of time.
I don't care whether he agrees or not.
I don't feed my dog in the morning.
April fools!
I could cry for joy.
It's awfully hot today.
I had a bad stomachache.
Don't put sugar in my coffee.
He attempted to escape.
Should I wait for her to come back?
I'll remember that.
The most incredible thing about miracles is that they happen.
Why don't we just sit here and talk?
I worry about your health.
He got bored quickly.
You're making a big mistake.
Her father dedicated his life to science.
His father dedicated his life to science.
The two sides signed a peace treaty.
He wrote down my phone number in case he should forget it.
Let's try to swim against the current.
You look terrible. What happened?
That knife cuts well.
The first snow fell today.
We must uphold family traditions.
I can't kiss you the way you want to be kissed.
Lucky at cards, unlucky in love.
I'm only telling you what I heard.
He wants to kiss her.
He is the brightest in the class.
In my view you should try the exam again.
He usually succeeded.
Give peace a chance!
The statistics are in our favor.
I am terribly afraid of snakes.
They stood on the top of the hill.
When is the ship due to arrive?
Tamy discovered a mistake in the sentence structure.
He was beside himself with rage.
She rarely goes out.
I'll send the book by mail.
There is a spoon missing.
She changed her name to Ann.
We were all present at her wedding.
The radio died.
They like to dance.
They like to dance.
We all want to be forever young.
The store opens at 9 a.m.
He isn't lonely anymore.
She prepares wholesome meals for her family.
I am studying Japanese.
I want you to kiss me.
I kissed her on the forehead.
What are you planning to do after this is over?
Are you joking?
He promised me that he wouldn't tell anybody.
The quick bird is the one who will catch the worm!
What time does the train for New York depart?
Are you sure you don't want to use the toilet before you go?
How long will this rope hold?
Why are you with a pig?
She shook her head.
He shook his head.
The train from Paris had just arrived.
Like most diseases, it has its own symptoms.
My tea is too sweet.
The robber ran away when the policeman saw him.
Tom certainly got the message.
She was wrong.
She was wrong.
She opened the cage and let the bird out.
Peter is buying a tomcat.
We had an agreement. You broke it.
I think I broke my leg.
She has a vivid imagination.
The balloon descended slowly.
I seem to have the wrong number.
He was covered all over with paint.
She's very lonely.
She advised him not to go.
I had a great time.
I took the elevator to the third floor.
He said he could swim well.
Give me a chance.
Give me a chance.
When I snap my fingers, you'll wake up.
The journey was brief.
The truth shall set you free.
Why did you start learning French?
Why did you start learning French?
Don't touch my things.
Make your choice.
Why are you all sad?
Who taught you dance?
Snap out of it!
This is the first time I've kissed my father.
The arrow indicates the way to Tokyo.
You look stupid.
They're all the same.
Modern art doesn't interest me.
We went up and down in the elevator.
Although he's young, he's an outstanding doctor.
She looks sad.
Opportunity makes a thief.
She removed the papers from the desk.
He wrote the report.
I have a passport.
I fell asleep.
Milk? Sugar?
She managed to escape.
He managed to escape.
He has very little, if any, knowledge about art.
I'd like to help.
Tom is never wrong.
She hates him.
She hugged him.
She gave birth to a healthy baby.
Tom doesn't want me to talk about what we discussed yesterday.
Marry me.
Don't die.
I don't know how to dance.
There followed a long silence.
I love this town.
I ran as fast as lightning.
I'll need your help.
His poor dog is still alive.
Your advice is always helpful to me.
Communism is Soviet power plus the electrification of the whole country.
I really liked his style of singing.
Do you have any Japanese beer?
I'm very low on change right now.
A cup of tea, please.
Do they have a computer?
The building on the hill is our school.
You can't trust what she says.
He complains about one thing or another all the time.
Certain smells can easily trigger childhood memories.
Glass breaks easily.
I broke my leg skiing.
Write it down before you forget it.
He got a good grade in mathematics.
Would you have asked me this question if I had been a man?
I'm learning Toki Pona.
Against all expectations, we became good friends.
I am proud of my shoes.
She has her faults, but I like her.
I won!
I won!
I want to go home and sleep.
Stop bothering me!
I've got nothing to hide.
She's giving each child two apples.
His nerve failed him at the last moment.
My elder brother finished his homework very quickly.
I feel horrible.
I taught him how to swim.
I taught him how to swim.
The police keep order.
Bring all your money.
Bring all your money.
I like Japanese food.
I like Japanese food.
He likes swimming in the summer.
My brother doesn't swim.
Who has the gun?
My stomach hurts after meals.
Don't swim in the river.
Don't swim in the river.
I was at the library.
I was at the library.
We tried in vain to make him change his mind.
I'd like to ask you a few more questions.
I'd like to ask you a few more questions.
I'd like to ask you a few more questions.
I'd like to ask you a few more questions.
The policeman protected the witness.
She had already gone when I arrived.
My father doesn't waste his time.
I doubt that Tom has finished his homework.
I doubt that Tom has finished his homework.
She stood up to answer the phone.
Is it good news?
Is it good news?
My brother swims every day in summer.
It's become dark. Would you turn on the light?
The moon doesn't have light of its own.
Where's your dog?
Tom is my colleague.
He has the backing of a certain politician.
Don't just stand there.
He changed a few words.
You can count on me any time.
You can count on me any time.
A terrible fate awaited him.
I can confirm this.
He arrived here just now.
Would you like to come inside?
Tom almost forgot the conference.
A train is going to leave soon.
Tom wanted to change his life.
Tom wanted to change his life.
Shouting at your computer will not help.
We complain about our neighbors.
You'll want to write this down.
You'll want to write this down.
I'd like you to leave my house.
I'd like you to leave my house.
I'd like you to leave my house.
I'd like you to leave my house.
I'd like you to leave my house.
I'd like you to leave my house.
I'd like to ask you a question.
I'd like to ask you a question.
I'd like to ask you a question.
I'd like to ask you a question.
Make your choice.
Make your choice.
They forgot to wake me up.
I saw him swim across the river.
I usually agree with her.
He's lived here his entire life.
My favorite sport is skiing.
Long dresses stayed in fashion.
There is little water in the bucket.
She's so stupid.
You will never defeat me!
I don't like this comparison.
Will the ice bear?
His heart is broken.
The noise woke me.
The knife is dull.
He taught me how to spell the word.
He ordered a cup of tea.
You deserved that.
You deserved it.
You deserved that.
You deserved it.
Not a few students made the same mistake.
Schooling is a process that taught a vast crowd of people to read but wasn't able to teach them to decide what is worth reading.
This book is suitable for your needs.
Here lives one bear.
She couldn't go to the wedding.
A camel is, so to speak, a ship on the desert.
A man's worth lies not in what he has but in what he is.
Hold fire.
We are flying over the Pacific.
I've never seen him really get down to work.
The only difference between me and a madman is that I'm not mad.
Who was this window broken by?
You're under arrest.
You were warned.
His composition is free from mistakes.
It's a co-worker.
He sells us paper.
Seoul is the capital of South Korea.
She always buys expensive clothes.
I watched the car disappearing slowly around the corner.
Please do not touch.
This man's shouting at me!
A boy and a girl are sitting on the fence.
I never imagined we'd be talking about this topic today.
You must respect your elders.
I think you should get more rest.
This isn't the time for stupid jokes.
She goes to a school for the deaf.
He goes to a school for the deaf.
I have a friend whose father is a famous actor.
This city has many wide avenues.
I can't confirm that.
I've got a terrible toothache.
I'll set you free.
I'll set you free.
You've turned up at the right moment.
I completely disagree with you.
She is now on vacation.
The whole world went crazy.
Who are the judges?
She asked me to pass her the salt.
My parents wouldn't let me date who I wanted to date.
We must keep law and order.
I have to go to sleep.
This is the first time I've smoked.
I'm feeling a little sad today.
This is very good ice cream. Won't you have some?
Wilson clearly had the best chance to win.
She showed me her album.
All are interested in Japan.
An apple a day keeps the doctor away.
I can spot you from a distance with your long, white hair.
My brother is not satisfied with his new car.
He is no better than a thief.
Don't touch the glass.
You can't run from the past.
His speech lasted three hours.
I'm completely wrecked.
I'm completely wrecked.
There aren't any clouds today.
There was a need for money.
You had better avail yourself of this opportunity.
She knows she does not have any other choices.
Do you have Stevie Wonder's new album?
Mike named his dog Spike.
There is almost no furniture.
He married twice and had more than 20 children.
I would like to travel abroad in company with my colleague.
The Japanese word "tatoeba" means "for example."
Let him go his own way.
She had gone to the concert that evening.
His research bore fruit in the end.
What is your favorite song on this album?
How about a cup of hot coffee?
What did you hide?
What did you hide?
The book is of great value.
Silk is very precious.
The picture reminds me of my school days.
I've already paid for the first lesson.
Tom hid the book below his pillow.
I can afford neither the time nor the money for a trip.
A leap year has three hundred and sixty-six days.
I love to hate you.
I laughed out loud.
Tom has put on weight.
I guessed right.
I've made dinner.
What makes you think that?
I'm coming in July.
Don't you feel the house shaking?
I fell asleep while I was watching TV.
I swim every day.
Are you for real?
It's easier to have fun than to work.
I want to eat the same thing Tom is eating.
Tom got up before dawn.
You mustn't enter this room without permission.
You mustn't enter this room without permission.
Hold your tongue! You talk too much!
Give me all the details.
Give me all the details.
Tom is hiding under the table.
I arrived at school on time.
What does breakfast include?
Why do you hate me?
Why do you hate me?
She cooked us a delicious dinner.
Give to every day the chance to be the most beautiful in your life.
I don't like iced coffee.
He is rude, but I love him all the same.
Maybe I should study German.
Let me ask you a question.
You are the woman of my dreams.
He offered me to go to the theater,but there weren't any perfomances on that night.
What is in the desk?
The President has fled the capital.
Your house needs repairing.
Don't rely on others.
The train has arrived.
Cut the meat with a knife.
Cut the meat with a knife.
Can you see the difference?
Can you see the difference?
I'm chicken.
Tom opened the box and looked inside.
I'm dying.
Are you good at keeping secrets?
He's here to protect you.
He revealed the secret to her.
These women are my aunts.
I lived abroad for ten years.
He has a vivid imagination.
Happiness is a delicate flower.
Tell me your version of the events.
Tell me your version of the events.
Tell me your version of the events.
If he carries on drinking like that, he's going to have a problem.
I prefer fish to meat.
Jump!
Jump!
She taught him everything she knew.
I raised my hand to ask a question.
I used to respect you.
You shouldn't trust Tom.
He promised not to tell another lie.
I'm not interested in this.
This is not a secret.
The police arrested a suspect yesterday.
We worry about your future.
If you start now, you will get there in time.
She advised him not to drink too much.
You're very brave.
You're very brave.
She began to cry at the sight of his face.
Are you joking?
I shall be learning to like this bitter life.
Turn to channel 1.
What did you give Mike on his birthday?
A wonderful idea occurred to me.
I'd like to ask you a few questions if you don't mind.
The woman sleeps in the bedroom.
I can't work with you if you don't trust me.
Now she suffers for her crime.
I can't drive, I forgot how to.
I can't drive, I forgot how to.
I know I can trust you.
Since I can't be with you, I send you a kiss.
I don't agree with you.
He can't find his hat.
I'm not an American.
I need first aid.
Is that a challenge?
We're neighbors.
I would like to kiss you.
I would like to kiss you.
I want to kiss you.
I'm a musician.
Use this.
She averted her eyes.
She advised him to take a rest.
You made the same mistake.
I am cutting the meat.
Tom is unhappy.
Don't touch my stuff.
He promised not to smoke.
He managed to escape through a window.
Don't count on his help.
Computers are complicated machines.
Do you want to try it?
Maybe Tom's got something to hide.
In case of fire, please use this exit.
Can I use your telephone?
We are all born mad.
I can't leave you.
Stop crying for no reason.
My mother is afraid of lifts.
I tried to escape.
I like swimming.
What a big truck!
She married a sailor.
I hate everyone, and everyone hates me.
Who needs that old furniture?
All of the students were present.
Why should you suspect me?
I will write down your name and address.
The skin gradually took on a healthier look.
Something horrible has happened.
Is it difficult to learn Greek?
He got the highest grade on the exam.
Why are you sad?
She advised him to tell his girlfriend that he loved her.
If Tom does that, he's sure to regret it.
We will teach him to read and write.
Our team won.
I thank you for your gift.
The people in Brazil were proud of him.
Did Tom tell you where he was last night?
The doctor advised me to take up some sport to stay in shape.
She is proud of her students.
They warned the ship about the danger.
Women are easily moved to tears.
But how can they do this?
Takeshi raised his hand to ask a question.
Please dont ask foolish questions it is ridiculous.
I cannot quite understand it.
Thank you for your understanding.
I'm looking for a leather shoulder bag.
The belt is brown.
I will fight to the death.
The status of the project is as follows.
Truth is always the same: all its versions are a lie.
She kissed him on the cheek.
We discovered a secret passageway.
We discovered a secret passageway.
Reading is my passion.
If you have a cold, lack of sleep is very bad for you.
He called me a coward.
I'm sick of hearing it.
Hey, you there!
She didn't advise him to do it.
Do not worry about that!
I helped him with his homework.
No one trusts him more.
Have you finished the suggested reading?
He complained about the noise.
I met a wolf in a dream.
She brought me a cup of tea.
Will you help me with my homework?
I'm leaving for Chicago next week.
Act like a man.
Your hat looks silly.
Get a move on!
This restaurant serves savoury meals.
Tom couldn't keep from laughing.
How dare you say that?
We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools.
Money has changed his life.
You have to rest.
You have to rest.
She wants to kiss him.
I'm not the crazy one.
I'm not crazy.
Do you like to dance?
It has been raining since yesterday.
Where did you find this awful dog?
I have to disassemble this engine.
It's the rule, not the exception.
He put the final coat of paint on the wall.
I can swim fast.
Please don't feed the animals.
The thief admitted his crime.
The doctor advised me to give up smoking.
There are many famous old buildings in Kyoto.
They trusted you.
They trusted you.
You're a great guy.
He always asks the same question.
At one time, there was a bridge here.
He left Africa forever.
The dog is beautiful.
I see a bright future for you.
I was expelled from school.
Tom is taking a rest.
Whenever he moved, the wound sent pains all along his arm.
The train leaves in 5 minutes.
The difference in their ages is six years.
Everyone changes.
The doctor advised him not to smoke.
I was greatly impressed by the speech.
This desk has lost one of its legs.
She made a fuss for no good reason.
It is an old manuscript.
You'll never leave this town.
You need to press the button.
My dream is to go to Japan someday.
I can't stand this noise.
I must pass this exam, no matter what.
She is anxious about your health.
Our country produces a lot of sugar.
You may not agree with him, but at least he stands up for what he believes in.
I had my pen stolen.
I kept on reading.
You guessed right.
You guessed right.
You guessed right.
We'll win.
I have low blood pressure.
What do you think is the chance that that will happen?
There are many wildflowers here.
It's not me, I swear!
Tom is a tough one.
Tom's tough.
I tried to change the subject.
Three months is too short a time to finish the experiment.
It is difficult for foreigners to get used to Japanese food.
The hotel at which we stayed was very comfortable.
She's a real witch!
When I think back on what I did, I feel pretty stupid.
The reason why I got a bad grade is that I did not study.
I did so much that I felt tired.
I wasn't supposed to help my son do his homework, but I did.
I did it because I had no choice.
Even though I didn't want to drink alone, I did.
My neck snapped when I did a headstand.
Being spoken to by a foreigner, I did not know what to do.
I did that work on the orders of my boss.
I did not yield to such a rule.
I did not study both of the languages.
I did so at his request.
I have no words to express my gratitude.
I hate women who say that all men are the same.
More than a million old people are sick in bed.
You're the girl of my dreams.
She was born blind.
The school rules require students to wear school uniforms.
You have to read between the lines.
You have to read between the lines.
You have to read between the lines.
He is an American to the backbone.
My brother can drive a car.
She has to study science.
Her father devoted his life to science.
Do you really wish that? asked the little white rabbit.
I hate it when women say that all men are the same.
I'm sure they'll win.
He is a genius.
Who is on duty?
My grandson is the son of my son.
He is always complaining about his low salary.
It's very unlikely that we will release a new album before next winter.
This avenue is wide but not very long.
He said, "Let's take a short rest."
I bought him a tie.
You should try to forget your unhappy past.
He sent a message by wireless.
Who gave Tom that black eye?
Tom is a musician.
It's very important to get enough rest.
Thanks to him, I could get a job.
He witnessed the murder.
I thought it might be useful.
Flowers die without water.
We cannot but rely on your help.
The leaves on trees have turned red.
What is the difference?
There is a marked difference between them.
The following persons passed the examination.
There was no furniture in that room.
He's the father of the bride.
I used to swim every day when I was a child.
A revolution broke out in that country.
I am writing a study of the French Revolution.
My mother hates writing letters.
The newspaper said another war broke out in Africa.
Tom turned on the light and walked in.
I think it is worthwhile to see this film twice.
Please take a rest for a few days.
The plane arrived exactly at nine.
Have you finished writing your composition?
I'll give you another chance.
He's always asking silly questions.
After the exam, I forgot everything.
He whispered something in her ear.
I only wanted to be helpful.
The noise gets on my nerves.
I left you a message.
Thomas, make some effort!
She gave us some useful information.
I want to hear about your trip!
He told the children about his adventures in Africa.
The enemy dropped bombs on the factory.
Her face turned red suddenly.
Had we left home at seven, we could have arrived on time.
She receives lots of visitors.
They serve a very good dinner at that restaurant.
What do you recommend to me?
Wait until I sit down.
I go to bed about ten.
He's a fine young man.
I've married the wrong person.
The policeman took the thief by the arm.
She doesn't hate him. In fact, she loves him.
I don't have a penny to my name.
I don't have the slightest doubt.
It is hard to speak in public.
I'll give him one more chance.
He left his parents when he was eight years old.
It was his job to gather eggs.
Don't walk so fast! I can't keep up with you.
They require extra help.
We're out of sugar.
She remained single all her life.
My strength is all gone.
He is unsatisfied with the result.
We have experienced three wars.
Today I decided to learn Esperanto.
I'm on the eighth floor.
I threw up.
Coffee keeps me awake.
What horrible weather!
I gave you fair warning.
Don't come in my room without knocking.
You must choose between honor and death.
The apples on the other side of the wall are the sweetest.
I will sing while he is resting.
Which do you prefer, white wine or red wine?
Is there any difference between your idea and hers?
That is a very complex machine.
She wants to hug him.
My mother left me a message.
When you're reading an English book, it isn't a great idea to look up every word you don't know.
I have been writing this manuscript for a year.
He will pay 20 dollars at most.
She's going to love this.
Write the amount on the check in letters as well as figures.
I am doubtful whether he will come.
You have a fertile imagination.
Do you have a match?
Have you got a match?
Do you have a match?
I totally agree.
I agree totally.
This is just awful.
We have a long way to go.
We have a long way to go.
We still have plenty of time left.
Tomorrow I'll arrive on time.
She could not get over her husband's death.
Five plus three is eight.
If you break the clock again, you'll catch it from Mommy.
You won't get away with this.
How dare he complain?
How dare you ask me for help!
How dare you!
I don't dare ask such a silly question.
Don't you dare feel sorry for me.
I have no time to do my homework.
Don't make any noise, I'm studying.
The wedding will take place at the end of October.
She got good grades in English.
I have a terrible pain.
I have been to America twice.
Don't ever say her name.
Pass the salt, please.
May I ask you some questions?
My brother bothers me!
What colour is your pencil?
He is German by birth.
He complained that the soup was too hot.
My stomach hurts after meals.
It was stupid of me to make such a mistake.
Reading is my passion.
Yes, that happens from time to time.
He comes to see me once in a while.
Please keep me informed of whatever happens in my absence.
Our teacher often overlooked his name on the list.
You had better make use of the opportunity.
There's a parrot in the birdcage.
This word is also French in origin.
The bed I slept in last night wasn't very comfortable.
It's dark in here.
This book has many beautiful pictures.
Good, I will take them. When does the show start?
You had better take her advice.
Can you swim as fast as he?
Would you mind if I ask a question?
I sent it by post.
Apart from his parents, no one knows him very well.
The cat catches mice.
This hotel is better than that hotel.
You must have the report done by Monday.
What does she think about the conference results?
My aunt gave me an album.
He put his arm around her.
He held on firmly to the branch.
You think I'm an idiot?
The girl was afraid to jump down from the roof.
Tell me you're kidding.
She found a nice tie for me.
Sapporo is the fifth largest city in Japan.
I don't think that you did all this homework by yourself.
Stop crying.
We are very interested in the history.
He dedicated his life to medical work.
He finally decided to propose to her.
Everyone can be mistaken.
He's spending too much time on the computer.
You lack imagination.
My ears are ringing.
She put on her coat and went out.
I'll be leaving in March.
John turned his back on the company and started on his own.
He needs assistants.
Why are you leaving?
She asked a very good question.
Can you tell me which button to press?
I don't have time to sleep.
He went up the steps slowly.
You are mistaken about that.
What a wonderful town!
That reminded me of you.
Respect your elders.
Where did you learn to do that?
I accept, but only under one condition.
I am busy, and I'm not interested in that, either.
The room was dark.
Are you interested in music?
To gain time we took the plane.
It's a fruit.
He has greasy hair.
I decided to study stenography.
He put milk in his coffee.
Tom sits at his computer eight hours a day.
Would you like a cup of milk?
Which food do you prefer?
Why do you try to run away?
I feel on top of the world.
I read at least a book a month.
These people said the war was a civil war.
He bought a piece of furniture at the store.
He has absolutely no respect for other people's feelings.
The news can't all be bad.
I'm going to leave the library at six-thirty.
I can seldom find time for reading.
I thought you were going to wear your new suit.
But now, when only one step was left to the goal, Orest suddenly lost his courage.
Is Liechtenstein a European country?
His house is on the south side of the river.
I couldn't run from the past.
It's heavy, but I can manage it.
I don't want to waste my time trying to do this again.
Keep quiet.
He advised us against doing it.
He is a man of high social status.
So long as I live, you shall want for nothing.
She's at the hotel now.
This is a good book except for a few mistakes.
I don't want to argue with you.
Go home. Get some rest.
Don't worry. It's easy.
He will do anything to make money.
Their job is to read the news clearly and carefully.
My birthday is on March 22.
The work was finished before I arrived.
Tom goes to night school.
This is the first time I've ever made noise in the middle of the night.
Does he do any sports?
I'll eat my hat if my candidate does not win the election.
In the village there are no thieves.
There are numerous theories about the origin of life.
The moon is very beautiful this evening.
I stood waiting for a bus.
The train hasn't come yet.
We are going to have an examination in English tomorrow.
Six o'clock will suit me very well.
The stock reached its high point last July.
I want the details.
I didn't study math at all.
Maybe the cat is hiding under the bed?
Hold it, are you kidding me? Why'd we wanna go to such a remote location?
We waited in the park for a long time.
His suit was gray and his tie was yellow.
What time is the concert?
The elevator isn't working.
He drove the car, listening to music on the radio.
Most people think computers will never be able to think.
What did I do to deserve that?
How much more suffering can they endure?
Go put some clean clothes on.
We all had a great time.
He retired at 60 years of age.
He retires next spring.
I retired last year.
Can you describe to me the difference between black tea and green tea?
His low salary prevents him from buying the house.
I have so many clothes I don't know what to wear tomorrow.
Somewhere in this world, there must be an apple that needs me.
The company shares give a high yield.
Why did he run away?
Father often helps me with my homework.
They have nowhere else to go.
Go in and win!
This play has no humor in it.
You are my angel.
I thought you said Tom lost his job. "Maybe I was wrong."
We put a wealth of information at your fingertips.
It's raining, but she's not wearing a coat.
How was your day today?
The lecture you gave yesterday was a masterpiece.
Her garden is a work of art.
No less than 100 people attended the meeting.
Pass me the salt, please. "Here you are."
I don't know how to pay you this amount of money.
Because they hung it upside down.
Thank you in advance for your help.
He sent his luggage in advance.
The sidewalks were wet after the rain.
My brothers are always joking around.
I can't say I'm happy about retirement.
Finally I finished my task.
This doctor is a man of culture.
I have a parrot in a cage.
Please sign your name on the contract.
I did it out of curiosity.
Help me with my homework, please.
I made a bet that she would win the game.
They have brown skin and black hair.
The dog is blind in one eye.
She can jump high.
You have foul breath.
Did you talk for a long time?
Do you trust her?
She devoted her life to education.
He appears to be wealthy, with the numerous houses he has.
He organized a summer rock festival.
Thousands of people were there.
It is certain that he will succeed.
Don't worry.
She isn't adequate to the task.
He retired at the age of sixty.
His house seems small beside mine.
He did not have much time to work on his speech.
My parents don't want me to get married.
He derived much money from his small business.
Believe in luck!
The moment he saw me he ran away.
We can only hope that the government decides to withdraw its troops.
The good news brought tears to her eyes.
Don't make me wait.
We saw many ships in the harbor.
Their ship is still in port.
Lions are stronger than wolves.
It took them two years to build the house.
You should keep your valuables in a safe place.
That's just awesome.
Good day! You are our new neighbor, if I am not mistaken?
We disturbed him.
Your mother must have been beautiful when she was young.
As you have a fever, you'd better stay home.
She went on a journey a few days ago.
Is your coworker an American?
He's a cat lover.
Not all children like apples.
Are you still thinking about applying to Harvard?
She gave out a sigh of relief.
The child believes that the earth is flat.
Tom keeps a spare key hidden in his garden.
I reserved my hotel room three weeks in advance.
What made you so dissatisfied?
I own this car.
Your carpet is completely white.
It took exactly an hour.
His doctor advised him to quit smoking.
The library is to the right.
When are you going to stop laughing like an idiot?
Each individual paid 7000 dollars.
There was no malice in what he did.
Please don't hang up.
Write your name with the pencil.
Don't risk it!
It's really fun to learn Esperanto.
Last month our 25-year-old daughter gave birth to a girl.
All aboard!
He joined the English club.
He studies Chinese as well.
Have you taken your temperature?
I have lived here for ten years.
We were wont to meet at that pleasant spot.
You're always complaining.
Please feed the dog every day.
She studies English.
She studies English.
She's absent because she's sick.
How was your vacation?
How was your vacation?
How long does it take to get to the station?
How long does it take to get to the station?
In winter, we need to feed the birds.
No one noticed the bear's appearance.
The hunter followed the bear's tracks.
He fell asleep while reading a book.
He fell asleep while reading a book.
That man is a criminal. Don't trust him.
Here is my album.
We'll teach you how to read.
Who is the woman in the brown coat?
She really wants to lose weight.
The leaves turn in autumn.
The Pacific is the largest ocean in the world.
She would willingly come but she was on vacation.
Can we say no to the USA?
She may have told me a lie.
It is too dark for me to read.
He is alone.
She took a ten-day trip to Europe with her friends.
We have to turn in our reports on Monday.
You should carry out your duty.
The sun is farther from the earth than the moon.
I feel sad every now and then.
I feel sad every now and then.
How high is that building?
Walk on the pavement.
God is good.
So, I'm arrived.
If you want to be free, destroy your television set.
I have the impression that he knows the secret.
This telephone is out of order.
Is your new computer working well?
He acts according to my advice.
Stars shine above in the sky.
We are anxious for their safety.
The fourth month is called April.
His clothes didn't match his age.
I will try.
Everyone hates me.
Tears were flowing down her cheeks.
You're joking!
That's a lot of money.
The good news is that we'll be able to help you.
I sat on something and broke it.
I've never gotten on a plane yet.
The shadow is fading.
She watched the children playing in the brook.
I don't have enough money for my trip.
I don't have enough money to travel.
He's looking for a suitable job.
Are there a lot of foreigners in Armenia?
Our plans are not yet concrete.
Did he pass the exam?
He was lonely.
I'd like to spend the rest of my life with you.
Has the mail come yet?
Don't let me down like you did the other day.
Would you mind if I used your car?
Don't get caught.
He has some faults, but I like him none the less.
This is where I absolutely disagree with you.
This is where I absolutely disagree with you.
Did you write this fairy tale by yourself?
I have a keen interest in politics.
Moreover, what's on the bottom of the memo isn't dirt but a ... b-blood seal!?
Did you want to sit down?
He's doing a handstand.
May we use the language lab?
No proof was ever found.
My neighbor's son was killed by a drunk driver.
Let's not gloat.
My wife told me to do away with this old hat.
He had no objection.
The meeting took place yesterday.
Is this the street leading to the station?
He does not know how to drive a car.
He can't drive.
She can speak Japanese.
I will endure.
The unrest lasted three days.
This song always reminds me of my school days.
Where did he learn this?
Sadly, the world is full of idiots.
I won't let you escape.
What time will you leave?
Do you remember his telephone number?
The children went to play in the park.
We give him an apple.
I'm a foreigner.
In what hotel do you intend to stay?
The captain gave the order to abandon the ship.
My watch needs mending.
Everybody calls him Mac.
He is likely to arrive soon.
The house collapsed under the weight of the snow.
Surprisingly, he swims even on cold days.
Even if it takes you three years, you must accomplish your goal.
There were two famous artists at the hotel.
If you want to ask any more questions, you can ask Tom.
The teacher assigned us ten problems for homework.
I am anxious about the results of the examination.
How long did it take you to write the letter?
We must get up at dawn.
I trust him.
She remained behind because she was walking very slowly.
I fell asleep while reading.
I fell asleep while reading.
Women like to talk.
Hug me.
Can you handle it?
Instead of coffee he gave me tea with sugar, but without cream.
You have to pay in advance.
Tom is blind in one eye.
Although her house is nearby, I seldom see her.
It wasn't funny at all.
If you don't know what kind of mushroom it is, better not take it.
They are building a long bridge across the channel.
He was robbed of all his money.
Where is my plate?
He explained it in detail.
Please remind me to phone him tomorrow.
There were many people at the concert.
It was foolish of him to do such a thing.
Your income is about twice as large as mine is.
She eats sliced raw fish.
Carry the table outside, please.
She advised him not to use too much sugar.
Do you wish to make any other transaction?
I waited and waited and at last John arrived.
They made the right choice.
How large is it?
I want to know where they hid the money.
Destiny is sometimes cruel.
I've ordered a book from Amazon.com.
Mozart's life was very short.
Don't act like that.
The monkey fell from the tree.
They sat on a bench in the park.
There's no need to hurry. We have plenty of time.
I hate Mondays.
I had to leave the theatre in the middle of the concert.
I missed it inadvertently.
She is going to have a baby.
Why so much hate?
They're involved.
Would you like to have another cup of tea?
The president was visiting France that month.
I hate living alone.
They aren't alone.
Don't fall asleep.
She doesn't need to work.
He that thinks little, errs much.
You ask Tom a lot of questions.
I want to ask you some questions.
Who do you think the murderer is?
I taught my wife how to drive.
The origin of the fire is unknown.
Tom drank a cup of coffee.
We set up our tents before dark.
I have a tight schedule.
Hey, wait up!
I trust you.
Send my greetings to your wife.
She is full of good intentions.
She is very sad.
Do you like to dance?
I think it's time for me to get a dog.
They saw they had no choice.
I have to cook the vegetables.
It is outside my area of study.
An accident just happened.
An ice pack will numb the pain.
Keep your hands off my daughter!
This is a yellow rose.
I disapprove of what you say.
The doctor advised him to work less.
I shook my head.
I hate it when my clothes smell of smoke.
Tom seems to like Japanese food.
Why do you need change?
I have nothing to complain about.
Did you pay for the book?
I took part in the assembly.
It was foolish of her to ask him for help.
Could you pass me the salt?
Do you fly frequently?
You're probably tired after such a long flight.
She is expecting a baby in June.
The result was contrary to his expectations.
Tom stopped fighting.
The teacher asked me if I was ready, adding that everybody was waiting for me at the school gate.
He was busy getting ready for his journey.
Two times two is four.
Luckily, Dick's father was not killed in the war.
Just sign here.
What's so funny?!
Tom has made himself comfortable on the sofa.
Ideas are not responsible for what men do of them.
I can't decide which car to buy.
That's yesterday's news.
That's yesterday's news.
That is old news.
You saved my life.
Her gray hair makes her look older than her age.
There are a lot of books in the library.
She suddenly kissed me.
I think his suggestion is worth considering.
I think you'd better take a rest; you look ill.
It's a bit strange as far as I'm concerned.
Thanks to his efforts, all the crew were saved.
Something terrible is about to happen.
He's going to regret this.
These apples taste good.
Even though Tom used to be my best friend, I'm beginning to hate him.
Her parents hate him.
I prefer to not talk about it.
Japanese green gentian tea is very bitter.
When will the concert be held?
This is my pencil.
What do you advise me to do?
Could I sit on the aisle?
We can not rely on her kindness.
Why don't you take off your coat?
I have nothing to do with their troubles.
Man's body is a sort of machine.
The problem is what to do next.
His brother had been a truck driver for thirty years.
She poured tea for me.
I study Lojban.
This box contains five apples.
Not every child likes apples.
This box contains apples.
Mary bought a new winter coat.
My parents were satisfied with my grades this year.
According to today's paper, there was a fire in the city.
There is a library in our city.
She bent over the child.
I ate way too much.
He's always worrying about his daughter.
I saw the moon above the horizon.
He was bare to the waist.
Who taught you this?
Who taught you German?
He promised he would help us.
She fought until the end.
It is impossible to express it in words.
He bought a hat.
Please don't worry.
Give me a spoon.
They liked his message.
I know it's a lie.
He is playing an active part in politics.
I need sugar.
I hate my job.
It's all dark outside.
You're such an idiot!
She was advised by him to go to the police.
Read the message once more.
Who is the owner of this car?
I wanted to hold you so much.
You're right on time.
His mother sighed with relief.
Can rabbits swim?
Are you an active member of the union?
He acted on your suggestion.
He leads an active life.
I don't want to miss the first act.
I feel more dead than alive.
I kept the fire alive all night.
I am in complete agreement with everything he said.
I'm leaving in the afternoon.
Is everyone agreeable to the plan?
Let me know in advance if you are coming.
She smiled in response to his affectionate glance.
Take advantage of every opportunity.
That was a very kind act.
The administration is opposed to these new taxes.
The air in this room isn't good.
The boat is going against the current.
Those houses are all alike.
They complained about the city administration.
Very well, we'll make an exception in your case.
We treat all visitors alike.
We're fighting against time.
What's the actual cost?
When will this be acted upon?
Where did he see action?
Will you go after the mail?
Society prepares the crime, criminal commits it.
Are you seriously thinking about buying a computer from that store?
They don't really care.
I advise you to stop smoking.
Some prisoners have escaped from the jail.
Read your statement before you sign it.
The fire destroyed three houses.
The house is on the hill.
He is not an American, but he loves America.
Not bad!
A fire broke out during the night.
Who ate the last cookie?
I can't understand why James always finds fault with his wife.
Don't eat like a pig.
You're forever making mistakes.
I must have made a mistake.
I can hear you loud and clear.
A good lie is easier to believe than the truth.
His concert was great.
Don't keep me waiting.
Straighten your tie.
Good show!
If I want your opinion, I'll ask for it.
She advised him not to smoke.
You've made no allowance for the fact that he is young.
You've made no allowance for the fact that he is young.
You won't need that.
You won't regret this.
What an idiot you are!
Why do you suspect me?
They sell sugar and salt at that store.
I was taught something different.
I have no other choice.
The concert was a success.
Coffee, please, with cream and sugar.
This elevator only goes up to the sixth floor.
London is large, compared with Paris.
I am listening to the radio.
You'll regret that!
I have just been to the station to see my uncle off.
School begins on April 8.
Don't be ridiculous.
My wife is trying to sleep.
Flying kites can be dangerous.
Sport knows no borders.
You'll soon get used to living in the country.
May I ask a couple of questions?
Columbus assumed that the earth was round.
Why are you so mad?
Get her out of here!
Please take note of that.
He was killed in the war.
I sincerely hope you'll give me this second chance.
I sincerely hope you'll give me this second chance.
If I forget, please remind me.
She gave him a big smile.
Please give my regards to your parents.
She is positive of passing the test.
She is positive of passing the test.
I see little of my father these days.
You still have a lot to learn.
You still have a lot to learn.
You're a lunatic.
I got paid today.
The lecture covered a lot of ground.
Remember this!
You took advantage of me.
You took advantage of me.
He readily agreed to it.
I lived in China for six months.
Lions are in the cage.
How can you be so cruel?
She is learning how to drive a car.
Stop it, please.
Please feel free to ask me any question.
None of the money is yours.
He works in the lab.
She rarely goes out on Sundays.
It takes at least four days to change.
Report the sick!
I didn't need anyone's help.
We went aboard the plane.
How many books are there in this library?
Hey, guys, wait for me!
Hey, guys, wait for me!
We learned Russian instead of French.
It's a Chinese company.
The trip cost me a lot.
I take my hat off to you!
All of a sudden, I felt a sharp pain in my stomach.
I didn't need anyone's help.
Milk is of great value to babies.
Give me half a kilo of apples.
I don't know any blind men.
I don't know any blind men.
She has never danced with him.
She seldom, if ever, goes to movies by herself.
Her financial support is indispensable to this project of ours.
I'm not going to sell it.
We seldom have snow here.
Am I wasting my time?
Can I eat my lunch here?
What proof do you have?
Be quiet, or the baby will wake up.
Are you fond of listening to the radio?
She is dressed like a bride.
The weather was gorgeous.
I noticed I was being observed.
I hate dirty jokes.
What he did wasn't wrong.
He appointed me to do this task.
Don't enter the room without permission.
He was lucky.
He raised his hat.
No one is to leave without permission.
No one is to leave without permission.
You look terrible.
Avoid crossing this street when it is raining.
While reading a book, I fell asleep.
You may rely upon it that he will come in time.
Do you think I'm crazy?
Do you think I'm crazy?
Do you think I'm crazy?
Sign here.
I don't trust anyone.
I grew up eating Japanese food.
Do you think I'm wasting my time?
There lives an old man in the hut by the lake.
Tom suggested that we wait here.
Can you see what to do next?
Are you all set for the trip?
He acted foolishly.
The car hit a telephone pole.
She is proud of her children.
We stayed at a three-star hotel.
I was born on 23 March 1969 in Barcelona.
Tom is drinking juice.
Tom stands by me whenever I am in trouble.
The pride of New York is its museums.
We're going the wrong way.
I don't trust you.
I'd like to order the same.
She has a fertile imagination.
She always asks the same question.
He likes to sing and dance.
Remove your coat and empty your pockets.
After his wife died, he lived for quite a few more years.
I'm very proud of my father.
Don't be so modest.
Do you like trips?
Don't try to do too much.
I don't have a fever.
Don't you have anything better to do with your time?
He read the document aloud.
Do you have a number where we can contact you?
Tom opposed the plan.
I prefer coffee with milk.
She was beginning to get desperate.
There is not one person who is in agreement with the plan.
You don't stand a chance against him.
This work is simple enough that even a child can do it.
We're just talking.
His pictures were hung on the wall.
Despite his errors everyone respected him.
People say that the fox is more cunning than other animals.
You're the only person I trust.
He is a cruel person.
You must respect your elders.
We got up at dawn.
He was proud of his daughter.
Who am I kidding?
You made a mistake.
You'll need money.
When he saw the policeman, he ran away.
The fish was swimming in the water.
Computers make people stupid.
This knife doesn't cut well.
I think it's time for me to turn on the radio.
You should ask your parents for permission.
Speaking of travel, have you ever visited New York City?
I'm worried about my weight.
The children love listening to fairy tales.
I wouldn't like to be in her shoes.
I can get the tickets for you.
He deserved to be hanged.
How do you prepare this dish?
Here's my passport.
Sorry, I made a mistake.
Sorry, I made a mistake.
I chose the wrong answer.
The future looked very gloomy.
We all breathed a sigh of relief.
He will pay for this.
I don't know what the consequences will be.
Can you guess what I have?
Previously people believed the earth was flat.
I was absent from work yesterday.
Has prison changed these people?
They turned a TV set on.
I can't argue anymore, this has to stop!
When do the shops open?
No one really knows what happened that winter night.
A "shiitake" is a type of mushroom.
A bear will not touch a corpse.
A bunch of people told me not to eat there.
Times change, and we change in them.
I would like to check yesterday's stock prices...
Tom is never on time.
The rain tapped against the window.
I'll show my album to you.
She does look tired.
The moon has no atmosphere.
He took advantage of me.
We were under constant surveillance.
You can't see gas; it's invisible.
People are dumb animals.
It seems that he is unable to swim.
I don't think this is funny.
If you do that, everyone's going to hate you.
You'll want to look your best tomorrow.
Say hello to your sister for me.
This computer is better than that one.
I can't trust you.
I can't trust you.
I can't trust you.
He began to cry loudly.
Are you still in doubt about what I have said?
Guide dogs help blind people.
These windows look to the south.
I'm not sure I can trust you.
I'm not sure I can trust you.
I only ask out of curiosity.
Buy six meters of that cloth.
Buy six meters of that cloth.
I ate him.
She's a tough woman.
I hear my father was as old as I am now when he came up to Tokyo.
Are those your pictures?
Even though he's very old, he's healthy.
You've been paid.
The Ubuntu version of April 2012 has been nicknamed "Precise Pangolin".
He compelled me to make a speech.
A very large number of tourists visit Kyoto in the spring.
A group of foreigners arrived in Edo, in other words Tokyo.
This is the first time I've ever put out a fire with sand.
There were no more than five passengers in the bus.
Oh my God!
It's really horrible.
It's true that the project is a difficult task, but Mr Hara will be able to bring it off.
Tom is the owner of a supermarket.
Can you pass me the salt?
Could you pass me the salt, please?
She is far from beautiful.
I hate her now.
He snapped his fingers.
My opinion is the opposite.
It's a magnificent view, isn't it?
My wife has faults. None the less, I love her.
She has gained weight.
The next concert will take place in June.
I'm very busy so don't count on me.
I was very ill at ease with those people.
She stole my stuff.
Have I arrived too late?
We need tools.
They hate me.
They hate women.
She eventually got into the bad habit of smoking.
I want to change jobs.
He is an experienced teacher.
If I hadn't had your cooperation, I couldn't have finished the work in time.
He tried to swim against the tide.
I have been to the station to see my uncle off.
I thought you hated me.
We won.
We won.
You're really an angel!
Except for Bill, they were all in time.
The car raised a cloud of dust.
Don't shout like that. I can hear you perfectly.
Don't shout like that. I can hear you perfectly.
She baked me a cake.
He kissed my hand.
Don't hide your face.
I like the one with a white belt.
I will be glad, if I can be of any service to you.
A sensible person wouldn't speak to you like that.
I know nothing about music.
He reminded his wife to wake him up at 7:00 a.m.
If he comes, give him my regards.
I was always good at math.
Can all birds fly?
You have the right to be treated with respect by others.
I'm counting on that.
Hand over your weapons.
Nevertheless, I think such a kind of society needs this sort of business to set the economy in motion.
She looked like she was going to start crying again.
I'm here to win.
This is my computer.
I couldn't sleep last night.
I couldn't sleep last night.
Man is a product of his environment.
Take the elevator to the fifth floor.
Take the elevator to the fifth floor.
We all have our cross to bear.
We all have our cross to bear.
Everyone agrees.
Somebody has stolen my suitcase.
It gets on my nerves when you forget to say thank you.
It seems to me that you don't agree.
It seems to me that you don't agree.
A truck was careering along the road.
You mustn't enter this room without permission.
How long does a bear sleep?
Do you like Chinese food?
I think it is not the cause but the consequence.
I see the golden cross.
According to Mike, Mac bought a new car.
I have a high fever.
A foreigner? And where are you from?
Don't cross the street!
I don't agree at all.
I agree with your opinion.
The trouble may lie in the engine.
Don't expose the tapes to the sun.
Kyoto is famous for its old temples.
This time we won.
It's because you're an idiot.
Many dog owners only feed their dogs once a day.
What does the doctor want me to eat?
I thought you were kidding.
I thought you were kidding.
The consequence of a wrong translation can sometimes be catastrophic.
We considered that.
You look pathetic in that outfit.
My parents really love their grandchildren.
Is he in favor of the plan?
The computer is in the library.
I'm not sure I can trust him.
I'm not sure I can trust her.
It is only suspicion so far.
Nobody lives forever.
His demands are reasonable.
You were scared, weren't you?
I don't know which button to push.
Give me another chance.
Give me another chance.
You're going to regret this.
Kill that bear with a rifle.
Kill that bear with a rifle.
Kill that bear with a rifle.
True or false?
I always buy fresh vegetables instead of frozen ones.
I was feeling blue all day.
When did she get married?
I don't want to marry you.
You're hiding something.
I will never throw away my Playstation.
Everybody calls him Mac.
You should stop smoking.
I found a nice cup.
Stop screaming at me!
Stop yelling at me.
I've always wanted to learn how to swim.
She has a lot of gray hair.
I asked Tom the same question.
I asked Tom the same question.
All the children fell asleep before it got dark.
I didn't quite make out what he said.
I can't make out what the man is saying.
Can you hide me from the police?
I look forward to meeting you.
She is in great anxiety about her son's examination.
Don't let me down.
Your sister cannot swim well, can she?
Born in better times, he would have become a great scholar.
You'd better revise history for the exam.
Tom feels that his team will win the game.
She's sitting on the bench.
I wasn't dancing!
She looked around the room.
I see a rose.
He really makes me angry.
I saw the girl swimming in the river.
Drive cautiously.
She's writing something in her study.
She married him at the age of 20.
Are you sick of me?
Don't be noisy in this room.
I swim very fast.
I hate Sundays.
You know very well how it happened.
As far as I know, he is a reliable person.
The baby fell asleep.
He pushed his nose against the window.
Tom sent me a message.
Americans eat a lot of meat.
An American spoke to me at the station.
He is a complete idiot.
He's a total moron.
He's as stupid as a rock.
If you rest, you will be back on your feet again soon.
I can't believe I won.
I can't believe I won.
Swimming is prohibited here.
Fashions change quickly.
Her nails are red.
Michael is a male name and Michelle is a female name.
Hawaii is a paradise on earth.
I've got some problems.
Every time I see you, I think of your father.
I am tired because I had to study for this exam last night.
This is not a discovery, everybody knows it!
He advised me to go there.
A living dog is better than a dead lion.
I gave him back his ring.
How many pencils do you have?
Future needs past.
This hat cost ten dollars.
Health is an important factor of happiness.
Calm down! Don't get nervous!
The house collapsed under the weight of the snow.
I sat at the front in order to hear the lecture clearly.
I don't trust him any more.
The town in which I was born is famous for its old castle.
What can you teach me?
The cost of living in Tokyo is very high.
You were warned.
Can I leave a message?
Write down his phone number before you forget.
In this book you can find the answers to these questions and receive some advice.
Compared with his father he is lacking in depth.
History deals with the past.
I might as well marry a bird as marry you.
Tom is deaf in one ear.
We have no other option.
All the members of the committee hate one another.
I don't have a pencil.
The story is awful.
I have a question I want to ask you.
My parents were proud of me.
They hate the rules.
I hate rules.
Are they American?
You're very lonely.
Tom is a witness.
I didn't need your help.
We ordered pink, but we received blue.
I've learned a lot.
Excuse me but, would you mind if I opened the window?
Can you swim?
Have you already finished your homework?
Don't touch my things.
Why is life so full of suffering?
I can't drive.
Are you sad?
Are you sad?
I was born on March 22, 1962.
We cry when we are very sad.
Will it bother you if I smoke?
Your friendship is most precious to me.
Your friendship is most precious to me.
Let's change the topic.
It was hard for him to live on his small pension.
What do you wish to order, gentlemen?
Tom left town.
Fare thee well! and if for ever, still for ever, fare thee well.
You will soon be used to rural life.
Who won the game?
Who was the winner?
I'm not interested in your problems.
She hates rules.
It's a quarter past nine.
I don't know how to express my thanks.
You're a wonderful friend.
Oh, don't be so modest.
As far as I know, he is reliable.
As far as I know, they always keep their word.
I arrived there too early.
The people are suffering.
He is tired of reading.
Any child can do that.
The government's decision had disastrous economic consequences.
Society is changing.
That made me change my mind.
How dare you speak to me like that!
Mr Ichiro Fukuoka, a close friend of mine, would very much like to meet you.
The doctor reassured me about my father's condition.
Please take off all your clothes except your underpants and bra.
Would you tell me why you have refused their offer?
If you cannot come you should let me know beforehand.
I'm sad without you.
I've studied Japanese for five years.
I've studied Japanese for five years.
There is no time for explanation.
If you can't come, please let me know ahead of time.
I have a little fever.
I followed the law.
I can't wait for the weekend to begin.
I've come to warn you about what's going to happen.
I'm satisfied with my salary.
I'm satisfied with my salary.
That's a beautiful piece of meat.
I'm satisfied with my salary.
She lived with him all her life.
Show me your passport.
Did I wake you?
What is he hiding?
Let's start with Lesson Ten.
My father gave me a game.
What a relief!
Come at ten o'clock sharp.
Come at ten o'clock sharp.
My nose is bleeding.
Sentence Number 888,888 will bring its owner years of happiness.
The world is changing rapidly.
She was wandering in the woods.
The doctor advised me not to eat too much.
Eat breakfast like a king, lunch like a prince, and dinner like a pauper.
At the most, the trip will cost $1,000.
Banks open at nine o'clock.
Do you trust us?
Do you trust us?
He was robbed of his youth.
She was robbed of her youth.
Do you study English?
In her youth, my mother was very beautiful.
You won't regret it!
You had no choice.
Our school stands on a hill.
I suppose we have no choice.
I support the proposal.
This is our secret.
You will regret this.
Read the message once more.
I hate you both.
I hate you both.
Do you want sugar?
Excuse me, but may I use the phone?
That's bad news.
Don't get off the bus till it stops.
She kept me waiting thirty minutes.
She felt like dancing.
You're making a big mistake.
He is leaving in three days.
I can explain it. "There's no explanation."
That's a nice car you're driving.
Great weather, isn't it?
I've won.
I've won.
I just got a job.
Her hair is wet with sweat.
I got married eight years ago.
The men are searching for the Fountain of Youth.
It's my biggest dream.
When should I feed my dog?
The company gained more customers.
My dog often lies on the grass.
The river flows under the bridge.
The cost of building the railroad was very high.
Look, there's a rabbit!
Mr. Wilson is angry at Dennis.
She is a wonderful woman.
Don't make me regret it.
Don't make me regret it.
Tom is learning English.
Just what exactly are you trying to say?
I didn't buy them.
Tom took the wrong bus.
The cat ate the mouse.
This is the first time I've ever breast-fed my baby.
Please tell me how to get to ___.
He acted like a madman.
He behaved like a madman.
It's computer-generated.
Which brand do you prefer?
Which brand do you prefer?
We had no alternative but to fight.
How was today's game?
I'm leaving you tomorrow.
They're not idiots.
The visitor sat across from me.
His discovery gave rise to a revolution in transport.
That's my coat.
He can swim well.
Did Mr Davis come to Japan to teach English?
My dog is wagging his tail.
He was foolish to agree to the plan.
I was taught to respect my elders.
He was sitting on a bench with his eyes closed.
He was sitting on a bench with his eyes closed.
We felt happy when the examination was over.
He studied law at Harvard.
I spent last Sunday reading novels.
Google+ is a new social net.
It's a very big apple.
Where do you suppose you'll spend your vacation?
I am forced to do it.
How did you like your trip to Australia?
At last, they experienced the joy of victory.
At last, they experienced the joy of victory.
Tom was wearing a black hat.
I must go. It's getting dark.
The readers cannot ascertain whether the news is true or not.
The readers cannot ascertain whether the news is true or not.
So you decided to become a criminal?
So you decided to become a criminal?
So you decided to become a criminal?
Great weather, isn't it?
Great weather, isn't it?
Great weather, isn't it?
He sells cars.
He sells cars.
He sells cars.
He sells cars.
Why is the moon so big tonight?
Pass me the salt, will you?
This pencil is white.
Take three steps and jump.
They sell meat at that store.
My passport was stolen.
Cats hate water.
Both countries entered into peace negotiations.
Let's carry on the discussion.
She was not interested in boys at all.
Kyoto is visited by a lot of tourists.
But I wasn't afraid.
It was very hard for me to find your flat.
My house faces to the south.
Please wake me up at 6:30.
I went camping with my family.
I went camping with my family.
I went camping with my family.
I went camping with my family.
Can I rest a bit?
Can I sit down?
I don't know how to drive a car.
It's silly to read such a magazine.
Today I've learned a valuable lesson.
Why do you take such a risk?
Why do you take such a risk?
Why do you take such a risk?
Can she endure a long trip?
I thought you trusted me.
He lives somewhere around here.
I don't need glasses anymore.
Are you joking? I heard something else.
I want you to know you did a great job.
They are now at rest.
Can you keep a secret?
Don't mention rope in the home of a hanged man.
I'm now sitting at my computer.
Please help me clean the house.
Tom couldn't believe that Mary had actually kissed him.
I'm buying a new car.
I am buying a new car.
Tom wanted you to think he'd left town.
Who committed this murder?
Do you go in for sports?
He's hiding in the closet.
He made a bet with her.
I want to be certain you are who you say you are.
I want to be certain you are who you say you are.
I want to be certain you are who you say you are.
I want to be certain you are who you say you are.
He was paid 10,000 dollars.
I don't know when the exam is. It may be tomorrow.
I hate my life.
The mystery of life is beyond human understanding.
You can't run away from age.
I had no knowledge of the particulars.
I had no knowledge of the particulars.
What do you think about the Japanese economy?
Old cows eat tender grass.
Memorize it.
I like wild flowers.
Catch him.
I have my supper at a quarter past seven.
The exam was too difficult for me.
He has no interest in art whatsoever.
She let the secret out.
She let the secret out.
It's your duty.
Stop joking.
We musn't joke around with love.
Put it on my tab.
Children need a happy home environment.
We depend on you.
I like to learn ancient languages.
It's better to have no books at all than to completely trust them.
I don't know the name of that temple.
I don't know the name of that temple.
This is the same pencil that I lost the other day.
We're married.
We're a married couple.
This coat fits you.
Come here at precisely six o'clock.
He will arrive on the afternoon of the 5th.
She was a bridesmaid at the wedding.
This dish is tasty.
This is my bedroom.
I prefer modern furniture.
A big ship appeared on the horizon.
A big ship appeared on the horizon.
The children love listening to fairy tales.
I'm not sure I can trust him.
I'm not sure I can trust her.
Would you rather have a cup of coffee or a cup of tea?
He is poor, but he never complains.
He picked up a red stone.
I will not let you pass.
She will arrive in Tokyo at the beginning of next month.
Next year, hats will become fashionable.
We are going on a journey next month.
Experience pays off.
Could I have a spoon?
What time will the train to Kyoto arrive?
He will arrive on June 24.
He will arrive on June 24.
Will we arrive on time?
The plane will arrive at three.
He will arrive in Kyoto tomorrow.
My father is to arrive in Honolulu at 4:30 p.m.
I suppose you won't mind if I take one.
I suppose you won't mind if I take one.
I suppose you won't mind if I take one.
My brother was very pleased with the examination result.
She is content with his present salary.
You should be responsible for your actions.
You should be responsible for your actions.
You should be responsible for your actions.
You should be responsible for your actions.
We came back to camp before dark.
She should listen more to other people.
I'm concerned about her.
I don't understand it completely, but I'll try to do what I can.
Please give me another cup of coffee.
Read the story aloud.
They just announced that on the radio.
Try and find out when the train leaves.
What does the bill amount to?
Give me some sugar, too.
After three drinks, the man passed out.
An awful accident happened yesterday.
Have you been away?
How long have you been away?
I was awakened at five o'clock.
I'm anxious to succeed.
Please take this away.
There was a larger crowd at the concert than we had anticipated.
Tom is aware of his shortcomings.
What's the average temperature here?
She is muttering to herself.
The old man sometimes talks to himself.
You should take account of his mental condition.
You should take account of his mental condition.
I've been worried about you.
As soon as I arrived at the destination, I called him.
I studied English, French and Chinese.
The policeman wrestled the thief to the ground and put handcuffs on him.
I like to walk in the mountains.
I don't like walking home alone after dark.
I don't like walking home alone after dark.
We have to warn him.
We have to warn her.
We've got to warn him.
We've got to warn her.
She kissed me on the cheek.
I think you should listen to me.
I think you must be mistaken.
The show must go on.
Once you begin, you must continue.
I generally agree with her.
I do not like tea, so I generally drink coffee for breakfast.
I do not like tea, so I generally drink coffee for breakfast.
I do not like tea, so I generally drink coffee for breakfast.
This policy resulted in a great rise in prices.
Sixty minutes make an hour, and a minute is made up of sixty seconds.
Have you tried it before?
Tom and Jim are the same height.
Many young men tend to commit the same errors.
I paid for the drinks.
I think you should find out where Tom went.
I think you should find out where Tom went.
I like to fish in the river.
Don't talk to him about politics because it's like a red rag to a bull.
Only a few people showed up on time.
Only a few people showed up on time.
The old man lives alone.
The old man lives alone.
The old man lives alone.
You'll never be alone.
They were alone in the library.
She lived a lonely life.
He likes to spend some time in solitude every day.
You should try to be more polite.
I think you need help.
An old man sat next to me on the bus.
I respect elderly people.
Let's consider the worst that could happen.
The explanation may be much more complex.
I think you should find out when Tom plans to leave.
I think you should find out when Tom plans to leave.
When the parents heard the news, they cheered up.
The apple is on the table.
I think you made the right choice.
I think you made the right choice.
I think you made the right choice.
I think you lied to me.
I think you look fine.
In Soviet Russia, river swims you!
I asked the doctor some questions.
I ran upstairs two steps at a time.
I looked for my cup, but didn't find it.
I looked for my cup, but didn't find it.
Please inform me of any change in his condition.
Do you bake every day?
It's awfully hot in here.
Move back a little.
What is my balance?
The house that stands on the hill is very old.
Laughing is good for your health!
A fire broke out in the middle of the city.
I want to be able to speak Russian fluently.
I can do without an overcoat.
The air was humid.
Did Tom talk to you about his plans for next weekend?
Tom hates school.
Water changes into steam.
These apples are big.
The bath is open on Saturdays.
He was barred from entering this restaurant.
That apple is big.
I think you know that's not true.
His wife nags him constantly.
That secret can't be kept forever.
That secret can't be kept forever.
I will love you forever.
We will be together forever.
I think you did an excellent job.
I think you can handle it.
I think you can handle it.
I think you are the one who broke it.
I received your message.
I received your message.
These people hate all foreigners.
Did you buy a return ticket?
Did you do your homework?
He is very brave.
She was brave.
The game resulted in a draw.
He need not get up so early.
I think it was a mistake that you didn't take my advice.
Winter is gone.
The sad story moved us to tears.
The sad story moved us to tears.
I worked hard to succeed.
Tom understands what it takes to succeed.
Where is the end of this line?
He must succeed to his father's business.
To succeed we must go shoulder to shoulder.
No mountain in the world is as high as Mount Everest.
Did you notice any change?
Did you say that I could never win?
Have you read the leading article in today's paper?
Have you read the leading article in today's paper?
Have you read the leading article in today's paper?
Have you read the leading article in today's paper?
Did your uncle let you drive his car?
I think Tom is going to try to kill Mary.
Tom tried to kill Mary.
Tom tried to kill Mary.
How long have you lived in Kobe?
What is the temperature?
What a wonderful present!
Tom prepared dinner by himself.
Tom headed straight home.
This department store is closed today.
This department store is closed today.
Are you leaving today?
I was wakened by a beam of light shining through my window.
Try to be on time.
His wife liked inviting guests.
Our vacation will soon come to an end.
This bird can fly.
I don't want to be told what to do.
I will present myself at the meeting.
You're being silly.
We must take his youth into account.
She was very proud of her father.
I think Tom is hurt. Blood is coming out of his head!
They swam.
The weather is terrible today.
My parents are opposed to my sister marrying a foreigner.
This product brought us a large margin.
He wouldn't allow me to drive his car.
He wouldn't allow me to drive his car.
What time will you get to the station?
She found the ring that she had lost during the journey.
She found the ring that she had lost during the journey.
I swim here every morning.
Portugal is not an exception.
We need a large amount of money for this project.
I want to dance.
That baby is Tom.
I got an A on my essay.
They're not a threat.
I get tongue-tied in front of you.
You can't dance, can you?
Tom will be able to swim soon.
Ivan the Terrible killed his son in 1581.
I'd like to say that I understand it all very well, but this kind of thing can only be understood by someone who has felt it on his own skin.
I didn't want Tom worrying about me.
I didn't want Tom worrying about me.
I felt sad.
She pressed the child to her breast.
Aah, I'm somewhat angry!
I didn't suspect anything.
I opened the box and looked inside.
Tom left quickly.
My vacation went by quickly.
The police don't know where the criminals are hiding.
How many apples do you want?
Are you sure there's no possibility?
Are you sure there's no possibility?
I don't use taxis unless it's absolutely necessary.
We can know the past, but the future we can only feel.
I can't say I'm shocked.
I only wear glasses for reading.
A boy needs a father he can look up to.
Don't ever laugh at your wife's choices, because after all you're one of them.
I seldom go to the movies.
If you do not know his language, you will never understand a foreigner's silence.
If you want to hide your face, walk naked.
I felt afraid of being left alone, and for three whole days I wandered about the town in profound dejection, not knowing what to do with myself.
Does your stomach hurt?
Any fever?
Do you have a temperature?
I think we're going to be OK.
I think we're even now.
We leave tomorrow afternoon.
We leave tomorrow afternoon.
We leave tomorrow afternoon.
Are there any messages for me?
One lump of sugar, please.
I think we were lucky.
They sell sugar at the store.
Do you have a return ticket to Japan?
They let the bird out of the cage.
They passed me by.
Tom was almost blind.
We felt all caged in.
We will take these matters up one by one.
To call the elevator, push the button.
I think we need to find out why Tom wasn't here yesterday.
I think we should all go inside.
I think we ought to change our policy.
Tom laughed out loud.
Tom laughed out loud.
Do you have to make a speech?
Can you use a computer?
I will follow your advice.
I'll do as you advise.
I'll do as you advise.
I'm looking for a school where I can paint portraits.
They took a big risk.
He took a big risk.
I took a risk when I made the investment.
He disappeared in an instant.
Open your book to page ten.
She cut the apple with a knife.
I am in the habit of taking a shower in the morning.
A child needs love.
Take it and shut up.
You'd better not swim if you've just eaten.
I joined the golf club three years ago.
I have been studying English for four years.
She made a bet with him.
She made him a simple dinner.
She married him even though she didn't like him.
Do you know the girl standing by the window?
Do you know when they will arrive?
Do you know where Tokyo Tower is?
I'm sure that your parents are very proud of you.
After all she did not come.
Do you like Japanese food?
I think Tom killed Mary.
I'm not your servant.
What prevented you from coming earlier?
How lucky you are!
He was a poor musician.
Charge this to my company.
I can't stand my crazy life.
We started before sunrise.
This room is too dark.
Come home before dark.
Come home before dark.
She advised him to go there alone.
I usually have a light breakfast.
What would you like for breakfast?
What would you like for breakfast?
She explained to him why she couldn't visit him.
The roof of the church needs repairs.
The water in this brook is cool and clear.
This plate isn't very clean.
I think we can trust Tom.
Don't worry. I'll stay with you.
Don't worry. I'll stay with you.
She always keeps her room in good order.
She always keeps her room in good order.
My radio has broken down again.
My watch stopped working.
She finally reached the hotel.
No one is amused.
No one escaped.
I carried on reading the book.
Tom hates raw onions.
Tom hates rules.
She advised him to go to the police station.
She was advised by him to come back at once.
I'm very glad to meet you.
There is a message for you.
There is a message for you.
She tricked me.
She cheated on me.
Tom taught me how to cook.
We rested for a while.
I think we'll be able to come to an understanding soon.
Please clear out this closet.
I can't trust such a man.
I can't trust such a man as he.
Tom pointed out some problems.
Tom pointed towards the mountain.
Tom pointed towards the mountain.
They have an extra bed.
They have an extra bed.
You can close your eyes to reality but not to memories.
Do you think her story is false?
Do you think I'm joking?
You're flogging a dead horse.
Are you mad?
Are you mad?
Stop that!
The arrow hit the target.
The village does not have a post office.
There are many tourists in town.
I don't care a bean.
Does Tom have a good command of French?
Let me know if you come across the magazine.
This chair is soft and comfortable.
Tom committed many crimes.
Who's in command of this unit?
Tom made the same mistake again.
You can't count on his help.
You can't count on their help.
Believe me, I don't want to die.
Do you trust her?
Do you trust Tom?
Do you want a cup of coffee?
This is urgent.
It's terrible.
Will he come to the meeting next week?
She loved him with all her heart.
He advised her not to go.
Do you live near here?
I went to the park last Saturday.
I don't want to have to warn you again.
Some people hate to argue.
He lived a simple life.
Talking in the library is not allowed.
I know how to fly.
Everyone makes mistakes sometimes.
Everyone makes mistakes sometimes.
I'd like you to get me a cup of coffee.
I am more worried about you than the future of Japan.
That ship goes abroad from this port.
In point of fact, she had nothing to do with the scandal.
Tom is disgusted.
I'm not good at swimming any more than running.
I'm not good at swimming any more than running.
My mother told me not to be noisy.
My mother told me not to be noisy.
Are the arrangements for your trip complete?
I'm not concerned with the details.
The operation was very serious, but Tom came through.
The whole community is behind this plan.
Try to calm down.
What conclusions did they come to?
Does everyone think it was me who stole the money?
Does she know your phone number?
Does she still have a temperature?
Does Tom always carry a gun?
Her dream is to visit Paris.
I fell asleep while studying at my desk.
Tom asked Mary many questions that she couldn't answer.
Tom asked Mary many questions that she couldn't answer.
She held her breath.
Her hat looked funny.
The deer is more rapid than strong.
Tom checked to make sure his gun was loaded.
I didn't do my homework.
Let's take a little rest under the tree.
An old man was resting in the shade of the tree.
An old man was resting in the shade of the tree.
He is waiting for a telephone call.
Don't be afraid to ask questions.
I respect my teacher very much.
I respect my teacher very much.
The library is open from 9 a.m. to 8 p.m.
This computer is yours, isn't it?
You must show your passport.
Don't do anything stupid, OK?
Tom falls asleep as soon as he gets into bed.
Tom and his uncle walked together in silence.
He approached and fell on his knees.
He was in a bad mood, which was rare for him.
He buys medicine.
What does he buy at the supermarket?
The girl walked slowly.
I usually go to bed at nine.
We sailed against the wind.
I hate French.
I hate French.
I speak French.
Tom can speak French.
I don't want to argue with you about this.
I must learn French.
I'm learning French.
We all speak French.
Do you study French?
Do you study French?
Can you teach me French?
I'm learning French now.
Is there hope in salvation?
Nobody encouraged her.
I gave some of my old clothes to the Salvation Army.
I gave some of my old clothes to the Salvation Army.
He could not control his anger.
He has her under his thumb.
Nobody can exist without food.
They don't belong under that category.
Why doesn't she kiss me anymore?
A cow has a long tail.
I've asked you this question before.
I've asked you this question before.
You leave me no choice.
You leave me no choice.
The boys have gone north.
Don't go far away from me, who knows what may happen.
Who sells this?
She can't swim.
I've hit the jackpot.
Is there anybody who's not an American?
Is Tom an American too?
Don't talk about it in his presence.
Let's study French.
Tom studies French.
I've got to learn French.
Who taught you French?
There were no schools for the deaf at that time.
I'm in the other ambulance!
We asked our teacher: "Can we come to your wedding?"
I do trust you, Tom.
Welcome back.
Science has not solved all the problems of life.
People, not walls create the cities.
My French is not good at all.
I ended your sleep.
Have you begun studying French?
Have you begun studying French?
You have to use tools.
I'm using that cup.
He advised her to stop drinking.
Do you still hate French?
The spirits muddled my brain.
What was that loud crash in the kitchen?
The windows in my room are cracked.
The floor was completely covered by a large rug.
The court was in session from eight in the morning to five in the afternoon.
Court is adjourned.
Tom is proficient in French.
Tom studies French every day.
I hope he's wrong.
You're kidding, right?
Mike played a bad trick on his brother.
There is a secret base on the other side of the moon.
I totally agree with you.
You can use it anytime.
I have nowhere else to go.
I don't have anywhere else to go.
Don't make noise here.
This is such a sad story.
This is such a sad story.
I'm at the hospital. I got struck by lightning.
She was wearing a black hat.
She was wearing a black hat.
This place has a mysterious atmosphere.
He spent the evening reading a book.
I don't agree with him.
All that you have to do is to follow his advice.
All that you have to do is to follow his advice.
I can manage this.
I can manage on my own.
I can never tell when Tom is joking.
I can never tell when you're kidding.
I can never tell when you're kidding.
I can pass the test. I know I can.
I can prove who the murderer is.
The car he was riding crashed into a train.
I can see how you made that mistake.
I see now that I was mistaken.
I haven't bought a new coat in five years.
We ought to win.
I might've been wrong.
I might've been wrong.
Her father warned her: "Don't speak to him".
I like coming to this park at night.
Why did you wake me up?
Why did you wake me up?
Why didn't you wake me up?
Why didn't you wake me up?
The week is finally over.
The week is finally over.
You made a mistake.
Go inside.
Go inside.
Tom lied to me.
I would never lie to you.
I would never lie to you.
I would never lie to you.
I would never lie to you.
I think you did very well.
I think you did very well.
I think you did very well.
I think Tom might have run away.
I think Tom might have run away.
That never happened.
They're worried.
They're worried.
Everybody knows the news.
Everybody knows the news.
How fast she swims!
Please teach me French.
Please teach me French.
But it's me who should thank you.
Don't ever doubt it.
Tom hasn't spoken since yesterday.
Ask your question.
I hate to eat alone.
I could be wrong.
I could be wrong.
I can no longer trust him.
Tom had to cut the class in order to meet us.
I like this kind of apple.
We can deliver the product in June.
Mr. Mitchel demanded that I pay the rest of the money by the end of the week.
He left the Mexican capital to return to Texas.
This isn't news.
Women hate me.
I never thought it would end like this.
I never thought it would end like this.
You can't escape.
You can't run away.
Do you understand the difference?
Do you understand the difference?
Yes, I kissed him.
Tom broke the rules.
Tom's cooking breakfast.
Don't touch that blue button.
Please speak as clearly as possible.
I don't need your protection.
Tom wants to learn French.
I already know how to drive.
Don't try to deceive me.
Half an hour passed.
The place is easy to reach from here.
Tom was complaining.
I want to change my life.
I want to change my life.
You'd better relax a bit.
How dare you?
How dare you?
I'm sure you are wrong.
I do not like to make mistakes.
Our secret was discovered by the government.
Our secret was discovered by the government.
You have no proof.
You have no evidence.
She lay her head on my chest so she could listen to my heartbeat.
She lay her head on my chest so she could listen to my heartbeat.
It's rather cold for April.
It's rather cold for April.
What about watching the night game on TV?
She is the woman of my desires.
Where's your computer?
Thanks for being on time.
Thanks for being on time.
Thanks for being on time.
There is no returning to our younger days.
Love and friendship are mutually exclusive.
I'm a lonely man.
He whispered something to her.
Tom came here to study French.
Tom came here to study French.
Tom has a good command of French.
Tom has a good command of French.
I study French at home.
I can walk to school in 10 minutes.
I can walk to school in ten minutes.
How are you? Did you have a good trip?
How are you? Did you have a good trip?
How are you? Did you have a good trip?
How are you? Did you have a good trip?
Tom teaches me French twice a week.
When did you begin studying French?
When did you begin studying French?
When did you begin studying French?
To my surprise, they ate the meat raw.
Tom gave a speech in French.
Tom is also studying French.
You study French, don't you?
You study French, don't you?
To my great surprise, we won!
To my great surprise, we won!
As soon as we sat down, she brought us coffee.
Tomiko guessed my weight.
My oldest brother attended the meeting on behalf of our father.
I'm fascinated.
I'm kidding.
I'm worried.
I'm worried.
I've decided.
I've decided.
Keep dancing.
Keep dancing.
Keep fighting.
Keep fighting.
Memorize it.
Say goodbye.
Say goodbye.
Sign this.
Sign this.
Someone's knocking.
Stop arguing.
Stop arguing.
Stop arguing.
Stop arguing.
Stop arguing.
Stop babbling.
Stop babbling.
Stop babbling.
Stop babbling.
Stop babbling.
Stop babbling.
Stop babbling.
Stop babbling.
Stop babbling.
Stop babbling.
Stop complaining.
Stop complaining.
Stop crying.
Stop crying.
Stop fighting!
Stop fighting!
Stop fighting!
Stop fighting!
Make it stop.
Stop it.
Stop laughing.
Stop laughing.
Stop lying.
Stop lying.
Tom is mistaken.
Tom is courageous.
Tom's fat.
Tom has escaped.
Tom has run away.
Tom's elderly.
Tom's dying.
Tom is reliable.
Tom is mad.
Tom is deaf.
Tom's deaf.
I have an assistant.
I've never trusted Tom.
I've always distrusted Tom.
I've already given Tom a present.
I've already given Tom a present.
I have a secret.
If we were supposed to talk more than listen, we would have been given two mouths and one ear.
Tom suddenly felt tired.
I can't remember his explanation.
You're not bleeding.
You're not bleeding.
Compared to our house, his is a palace.
Don't walk alone after dark.
Don't waste your time.
Her hands were as cold as ice.
Her hands were as cold as ice.
Her hands were as cold as ice.
Young man, the secret of my success is that at an early age I discovered that I was not God.
Wear warm clothes.
When are you going on summer vacation?
Very good advice. I would consider it if it weren't yours.
I would like to give him a present for his birthday.
They agreed to work together.
Live and fight!
There's almost no water in the bucket.
Tom can't drive.
Please wake me up at seven.
Tom left me no choice.
She works for French intelligence.
I wanted to study French.
My jaw is sore.
My elder brother doesn't do sports.
She is proud of her sons.
She is proud of her daughter.
He made her cry.
I paid her five dollars.
I don't mind a bit.
Tom lost seventy pounds.
I've made a mistake in my calculations.
I've made a mistake in my calculations.
He's crazy.
Tom called Mary.
I bet Tom can't tell the difference.
I go to bed at ten every day.
I go to bed at ten every day.
I'll show you the way.
I'll show you the way.
Vitya is looking at the map of Russia on the wall.
Most children hate school.
Most people think I'm crazy.
Most people think I'm crazy.
You cannot live without water.
It is impossible to live without water.
Katalin dedicated her life to Esperanto.
Eggs go bad quickly in the summer.
She is never online, even during her vacation.
She showed us a beautiful hat.
She showed us a beautiful hat.
He showed us a beautiful hat.
He has a Japanese car.
Will you help me with my French homework?
Will you help me with my French homework?
Have you already started learning French?
Have you already started learning French?
Have you already started learning French?
Were you feeling resistance?
Who taught you how to dance?
I've still got a lot to learn.
Tom didn't have the courage to speak to Mary.
Tom didn't have the courage to speak to Mary.
Tom is looking for a suitable place to hold the meeting.
She advised him to take the medicine.
Come back down to earth, she whispered into his ear.
Because he was a great musician.
I need a box of nails.
Stop. I don't want to.
Stop. I don't want to.
When was the last time you brought your dog to the park?
I feel really sad.
I don't need your money.
He will regret it sooner or later.
I don't have a great deal of money to spend.
I got up at the crack of dawn.
Is the wound very deep?
It was a dangerous trip.
I didn't dare to leave the baby.
May I have the next dance?
The doctor says Tom is out of danger now.
The letter was dated April tenth.
The soldier was decorated for his brave deed.
Tom has kept me in the dark about his plans.
Who's your date tonight?
Oh my God! What are you doing!?
Oh my God! What are you doing!?
I agree with him. "So do I."
I have to cook dinner today.
I have to cook dinner today.
Nature is changing.
Don't make such a racket!
Don't make such a racket!
He is buying a vintage hat.
I have to give Tom a chance.
I have to give Tom a chance.
I knew Tom wouldn't kiss you.
I knew Tom wouldn't kiss you.
I knew Tom wouldn't kiss you.
I knew Tom wouldn't kiss you.
Stop it. He's our friend, isn't he?
Stop it. He's our friend, isn't he?
Stop it. He's our friend, isn't he?
Stop it. He's our friend, isn't he?
Don't feed wild animals.
She is now making coffee in the kitchen.
He left Japan for good.
My house is on a hill.
I didn't want to look foolish.
It is no use complaining about the weather.
It is no use complaining about the weather.
It is no use complaining about the weather.
Don't speak in the middle of a lesson.
She kept silent all day.
Ave Maria.
Ave Maria.
The computer repair took all day.
The computer repair took all day.
The computer repair took all day.
Please don't mumble.
Please don't mumble.
I beg to differ with you.
The subject of the lecture is already determined.
This drink has a really different flavor.
Tom devoted himself to his family.
Tom said he had a stomachache and left the room.
Tom said he had a stomachache and left the room.
Our train arrived on time.
Everybody in the room let out a sigh of relief.
You can count on it.
You can count on that.
I have the hang of it.
Tell your mother about the trip.
Tell your mother about the trip.
Let's be silent.
I have no doubt that he will succeed.
I have no doubt that he will succeed.
You have to eat everything!
Clean your plate!
I would only believe in a God that knows how to dance.
The actor is making up.
Tom felt a sharp pain in his stomach.
I thought I'd always be alone.
I thought I'd always be alone.
He was the man of her dreams.
You have to rest a little.
You need to get some rest.
Tom chuckled when he heard Mary's joke.
Tom claims that Mary promised him the job.
Tom cleaned out his bedroom closet.
I can't thank you enough.
Even though I studied French for three years in school, I'm not good at speaking it.
Even though I studied French for three years in school, I'm not good at speaking it.
Even though I studied French for three years in school, I'm not good at speaking it.
Even though I studied French for three years in school, I'm not good at speaking it.
It took me more than three hours to translate that report into French.
That's my theory.
That's my specialty.
That's my specialty.
That's my signature.
That's my medicine.
Please stop yelling.
Please stop yelling.
Please stop yelling.
Please stop yelling.
Please stop yelling.
Please sign these.
Please sign these.
Please move quickly.
Please move quickly.
Please don't argue.
Please don't argue.
Pick him up.
Pick him up.
Pick him up.
Pick him up.
Open the hatch.
Open the hatch.
Open the hatch.
Open the hatch.
Nobody touched me.
Nobody hates you.
Nobody hates you.
Nobody hates you.
Nobody was killed.
No one flinched.
No one flinched.
Let's peek inside.
Let me guess.
Let me guess.
Let me guess.
Let me guess.
Let me guess.
Let me guess.
Let me guess.
Let me guess.
Leave our house.
Leave our house.
It's too conspicuous.
It's too conspicuous.
It's too bright.
It's too bright.
It's their choice.
That's so stupid.
It's so sad.
It's so sad.
It's so dark.
It's our duty.
We'll find you.
We'll find you.
We'll find them.
We'll continue later.
We'll continue later.
We'll continue later.
We'll continue later.
We'll be killed.
We aren't going to win.
We won't win.
We won today.
We won today.
We weren't scared.
We weren't invited.
We weren't hiding.
We were surrounded.
We were passengers.
The pencil is black.
I'm deaf.
The bed is very comfortable.
He left Japan at the end of the year.
The soldier acted bravely.
Her right eye is blind.
The meeting finished thirty minutes ago.
I can't stand raw fish.
They went fishing.
I don't know how to swim either.
The fight resulted in several arrests.
I prefer reading to writing.
I love the way you say my name.
I love the way you say my name.
I love the way you say my name.
I love the way you say my name.
I love the way you kiss me.
I love the way you kiss me.
I love the way you kiss me.
I love the way you kiss me.
Her husband is American.
I hate winter.
I hate winter.
The spoon is dirty.
Please take note of that.
This baby is six months old.
This baby is half a year old.
This baby is half a year old.
This baby is half a year old.
My brother closes his eyes when he's drinking.
He refused to go on holiday with his parents.
Tom is on holiday with his parents.
Tom doesn't trust anybody.
The story about the girl was in the news.
The story about the girl was in the news.
The story about the girl was in the news.
I don't like sad movies.
This music brought me to tears.
Tom made Mary cry.
The movie moved her to tears.
She told us not to make a noise.
You have a fertile imagination.
I'm not trying to impress anyone.
I've got to warn her.
I've got to warn him.
We've got to warn them.
I wanted to make sure you were here.
I wanted to make sure you were here.
I wanted to make sure you were here.
I wanted to make sure you were here.
I wanted to make sure you were here.
I wanted to make sure you were here.
I wanted to make sure you were here.
I wanted to make sure you were here.
I wanted to make sure you were here.
I wanted to make sure you were here.
I swam.
Think outside the box. "What box?"
The witch hunt has begun.
They could hardly see.
You can swim very well.
What are you hiding?
What are you hiding?
I don't eat supper because I want to lose some weight.
He is sitting in the front seat.
Tom is a bit older than Mary.
I'm going to study French.
The message was in French.
Do you sell French newspapers?
Do you sell French newspapers?
Do you study French at school?
Do you study French at school?
How dare you behave like that!
She taught me how to drive.
She is young.
She is young.
I get everything I want.
Come to think of it, he is wrong.
I have never heard of this actor.
I have never heard of this actor.
I don't drink milk with sugar any more.
I like extracted juice.
Tom canceled his hotel reservation.
I don't want Tom to hate me.
Tom wants us to follow him.
Tom wants me to follow him.
Tom wants me to follow him.
I didn't want Tom to worry.
I didn't want Tom to worry.
I didn't want Tom to worry.
I didn't want Tom to worry.
I didn't want Tom to worry.
I didn't want Tom to worry.
I didn't want Tom to worry.
I didn't want Tom to worry.
I didn't want Tom to worry.
I didn't want Tom to worry.
I didn't want Tom to worry.
I didn't want Tom to worry.
Tom wants us to find Mary.
Tom doesn't want to fight.
Tom always wants to argue.
Tom always wants to argue.
Tom wants Mary's opinion.
Tom wants Mary's opinion.
I want Tom to respect me.
I want Tom to respect me.
Tom doesn't want to die.
I want Tom to sign this.
Tom wants to meet Mary.
Tom wants to kiss Mary.
I wanted Tom to suffer.
I wanted Tom to suffer.
Tom wants to see Mary.
He's sitting in the meeting room.
He's sitting in the meeting room.
But he needed a job.
My dream is to become a pilot.
Tom wants to escape.
Tom wants to escape.
I wanted you to win.
I wanted you to win.
I wanted you to win.
I wanted you to win.
I wanted you to win.
I wanted you to win.
I wanted you to win.
I wanted you to win.
I wanted you to win.
I wanted you to win.
I wanted you to win.
I wanted you to win.
I want to trust you.
I want to trust you.
I don't want to die.
Give me the report on Monday.
Tom didn't listen.
Tom didn't hesitate.
Tom didn't flinch.
Tom didn't die.
Tom dances well.
Tom couldn't sleep.
You're both idiots.
You're both crazy.
You're both crazy.
Tom will cook.
We'll cook.
Who'll cook?
We're young.
Tom is young.
Tom is young.
We're young.
Tom didn't have to yell at me.
Tom is not happy to see Mary.
Tom wasn't happy to see Mary.
Tom was such a happy person.
What makes you happy, Tom?
Tom says he's not happy.
Tom says he's not happy.
Tom does not look happy.
Tom sat on the porch reading the newspaper.
We all have our secrets.
We don't have secrets.
We have to figure out where Tom hid his money.
We have to figure out where Tom hid his money.
We have to figure out where Tom hid his money.
We have to figure out where Tom hid his money.
Do you have a pen or a pencil?
Tom is my bodyguard.
Tom is losing control.
Tom is kissing Mary.
Tom is finally asleep.
Tom has betrayed you.
Tom has been murdered.
Tom is Mary's grandfather.
Excuse me, but may I use the phone?
Fall is the best season for sports.
He bought a Honda.
I know your roommate.
I know your roommate.
Stop yelling!
Stop yelling!
Tom got off the elevator.
Tom made stew for dinner.
Tom often makes mistakes.
People often complain about the weather.
Guess what happened to me.
Quit acting like a baby.
I risked everything.
I risked everything.
The cost of living has risen.
He was hit by a car.
I don't see the difference.
You don't have a chance.
He stared at me from head to foot.
Tom was determined to make the football team.
Tom was determined to kiss Mary.
Do you study English?
Do you have pencils?
I think you might need some help.
I think you might need some help.
I think you might need some help.
I think you might need some help.
I think you might need my help.
I think you might need my help.
I think you might need my help.
I think you might need my help.
I think you did great.
I think you did great.
I think you did great.
I think you did great.
I hate this town.
I hate this song.
I hate this music.
I hate this store.
I hate this game.
I hate those things.
Might I ask you a personal question?
Can I ask you something personal?
Can I ask you something personal?
My daughter is getting married in June.
Are you kidding, or are you serious?
Are you kidding, or are you serious?
Someone stole my bag.
That's never happened to us before.
How long have you lived in Japan?
Hey you! Up here!
No matter how cold it is outside, the rooms are comfortably heated.
Hey you! Up here!
They have lived here for a long time.
We need your support.
We need your support.
I cooked supper last night.
I cooked supper last night.
She is anxious about her father's health.
I had my car stolen last night.
You did that on purpose.
I hate getting up early.
She prepared the meal in a very short time.
She lived a quiet life in the country.
Today is September 1st.
He doesn't like this concert.
You can't yell at me like that.
Tom ordered a drink.
My wife buys vegetables from a supermarket nearby.
My wife buys vegetables from a supermarket nearby.
My wife buys vegetables from a supermarket nearby.
My wife buys vegetables from a supermarket nearby.
This elevator is out of order. Please use the stairs.
I found this in the cavern.
You must read between the lines.
Her mouth fell open.
Why does everyone hate me?
I turned on the radio to listen to the news.
The sun went below the horizon.
The sun went below the horizon.
We hoped that she would win.
He could swim very well when he was young.
He could swim very well when he was young.
Are you ready to study Klingon?
Are you ready to study Klingon?
Are you ready to study Klingon?
Are you ready to study Klingon?
Are you ready to study Klingon?
Are you ready to study Klingon?
Can I turn on the TV?
Can I turn on the TV?
That's pretty cool.
School begins on April the tenth.
Write with a pen, not with a pencil.
She took my joke seriously.
She is never on time.
Under no circumstances must you swim in the deep river!
Under no circumstances must you swim in the deep river!
I'm ready to order.
I'm ready to order.
I'm ready to order.
I'm ready to order.
What a waste of time!
There's one cup on the table.
Where did you go on your summer vacation?
The summer vacation has come to an end too soon.
What do you want to eat this weekend?
Emily hates onions.
Tom is out of the country.
I've got married ten years ago.
Carol returned to her hotel.
We want justice.
We demand justice.
The girl in the picture is smiling.
Many good people die every day.
There's no need to worry.
He went to Rome, where he saw a lot of old buildings.
Who was killed?
Emily hates toilets.
How many detainees are held at Guantanamo?
He tore out of the house.
Get rid of that heap of old newspapers.
It was terribly cold yesterday.
We've got to win.
Have you had enough or do you want to fight some more?
There's a distinct difference between them.
Have you seen any English travelers here?
A few loose ends remain to be cleared up.
Most of these products are domestic.
Has the doctor examined you yet?
Who is entered in the race?
Calm your nerves.
Horses sleep standing up.
I sleep standing up.
Stop laughing!
Don't be so harsh on me please.
Sounds good!
She likes the smell of pine trees.
Do you want breakfast?
Do you want breakfast?
He concealed the book under his coat.
His behavior, as I remember, was very bad.
Winter is over and spring has come.
We laughed.
Is this the train station?
We can rest.
You can rest.
I had no difficulty finding your house.
If I had taken that plane, I would be dead now.
He rarely goes to the movies.
There are five pencils here.
Food is essential to life.
Do you see a rose?
This is a lie.
You can't swim.
What a horrible man!
Tom had trouble making friends.
Although it was very late, he kept working.
I want to make new friends.
I made a promise.
I made a promise.
Where did you learn karate?
Where did you learn karate?
Where did you learn karate?
They often drop in at my house.
I've learnt to cook.
I've learnt to cook.
I'm a client.
The wedding was celebrated at ten.
What was the difference?
This woman is blind.
The hunter caught the fox.
Her answer corresponds to my expectation.
Thanks for your quick answer.
He kept it secret.
He kept it secret.
Every type of socialization requires a lie.
I highly doubt it.
Tom is a few months older than Mary.
Tom is a few inches taller than Mary.
Tom is a few inches shorter than Mary.
Tom doesn't seem to be leaving.
Tom didn't want to be interrupted.
Tom didn't want to be interrupted.
Tom didn't pay his taxes on time.
Tom didn't pay his taxes on time.
Tom didn't make it in time.
Tom didn't know whether he was right or wrong.
Tom didn't know whether he was right or wrong.
Tom didn't know when to shut up.
Tom came into the room a few minutes after Mary.
Tom came into the room a few minutes after Mary.
Tom came into the room a few minutes after Mary.
Tom came into the room a few minutes after Mary.
Tom escaped from prison.
Tom always complains, doesn't he?
Tom always complains, doesn't he?
Tom always complains, doesn't he?
Tom always complains, doesn't he?
Tom always complains, doesn't he?
Tom always complains, doesn't he?
Tom advised Mary to buy that car.
Tom advised Mary to buy that car.
Tom advised Mary not to go there by herself.
Tom advised Mary not to go there by herself.
Tom advised Mary not to go there by herself.
Tom advised Mary not to go there by herself.
There's no need to do that.
There's no need to do that.
There's absolutely no need to do that.
The police suspected that Tom was a drug dealer.
The police suspected that Tom was a drug dealer.
The medicine didn't stop the pain.
Under no circumstances must you swim in the deep river!
Under no circumstances must you swim in the deep river!
Under no circumstances must you swim in the deep river!
That doesn't really help us, does it?
How long has Tom been studying French?
How long has Tom been studying French?
How long has Tom been studying French?
May I ask you a personal question?
May I ask you a personal question?
It worked perfectly.
It worked perfectly.
It worked perfectly.
It seemed like you weren't interested.
It seemed like you weren't interested.
It seemed like you weren't interested.
It seemed like you weren't interested.
Is it really so terrible?
Is it really so terrible?
Is it really so terrible?
Is it really so terrible?
Is it really so terrible?
Is it really so terrible?
Is it really so terrible?
Is it really so terrible?
I'm proud of the work I've done here.
I'm proud of the work I've done here.
No one I know wears a tie anymore.
Don't let Tom find out about that.
Don't let Tom find out about that.
Don't be such a fool.
Don't be such a fool.
Did you really steal this food?
Did you really steal this food?
Did you really steal this food?
Did Tom hurt anyone?
Are you sure you don't mind?
Are you sure you don't mind?
Are you listening to the radio?
Are you listening to the radio?
Anyway, you don't have to worry.
Anyway, you don't have to worry.
Anyway, you don't have to worry.
Anyway, you don't have to worry.
Anyway, you don't have to worry.
Anyway, you don't have to worry.
Anyway, you don't have to worry.
Anyway, you don't have to worry.
Anyway, you don't have to worry.
Anyway, you don't have to worry.
Anyway, you don't have to worry.
Anyway, you don't have to worry.
I gave Tom a chance to work for me.
I gave Tom a chance to work for me.
I've never tried.
I've never tried.
I'm sure Tom doesn't hate you.
I'm sure Tom doesn't hate you.
I'm sure Tom doesn't hate you.
I'm sure Tom doesn't hate you.
I'm sure Tom doesn't hate you.
I'm sure Tom doesn't hate you.
I'm sure Tom doesn't hate you.
I'm sure Tom doesn't hate you.
I saw the way Tom was looking at Mary.
I saw the way Tom was looking at Mary.
I saw it on the news.
I saw it on the news.
I saw it on the news.
I saw it on the news.
I saw an explosion.
I saw an explosion.
I saw an explosion.
I saw an explosion.
I saved Tom's life.
I saved Tom's life.
I said I'd figure it out.
I said I'd figure it out.
I had no other choice but to do it.
I said I was sad.
I said I was sad.
I'm terribly sorry!
I said drop your gun!
I said drop your gun!
I said drop your gun!
I said drop your gun!
I revised my theory.
I revised my theory.
I respect your talent.
I respect your talent.
I respect your opinion, Tom.
I respect you, Tom.
I respect your opinion.
I respect your opinion.
You don't have to tell me twice.
You don't have to tell me twice.
You don't have to tell me twice.
What other choice do we have?
I don't need luck.
I don't hate you.
I don't hate you.
That was horrible.
Tom didn't do anything wrong.
He took out his passport.
He took out his passport.
He took out his passport.
He is a person you can go and steal horses with.
You'll need money.
There is a shopping area nearby.
There is a shopping area nearby.
She left home ten minutes ago.
They were listening to the lecture attentively.
Can you see them?
She's demented.
Are we leaving?
She's an angel.
I wanted them to win.
I wanted them to win.
His smile put her at ease.
If only I had taken your advice.
I don't want to fight with you.
Tom doesn't want to take such a risk.
She said to her husband: "Stop!".
I think she's hiding something from me.
I think he's hiding something from me.
Time travel is impossible.
I prefer dogs.
We're worried about you.
We're worried about you.
Do you agree?
Do you agree?
Do you agree?
Welcome back. We missed you!
Welcome back. We missed you!
Are you interested in foreign languages?
School will start next Monday.
When do you go on holiday?
Is he completely gone mad?
She drank a cup of coffee.
The crew abandoned the ship.
That man stole all of his money.
Don't keep me waiting.
When are you leaving?
Are you deaf?
Are you deaf?
Are you deaf?
I thought we were going to win.
I thought we were going to win.
What time does the next train leave?
What time does the next train leave?
It's quarter to eight now.
I support him.
I supported him.
Don't do this to me!
Don't you do this to me.
Bring me a cup of coffee.
If he had taken my advice then, he would be a rich man now.
It was a lie.
That was a lie.
We'll dance.
She kissed her father on the cheek.
I used my imagination.
I used my imagination.
The meeting began at nine o'clock sharp.
He started crying as soon as he heard the news.
He seldom, if ever, comes.
A heavy snow fell in Kyoto for the first time in ages.
Nancy looks tired.
Nancy looks very tired.
I broke it.
I broke it.
I broke it.
I broke it.
I broke it.
I broke it.
I broke it.
I broke it.
What... you still don't know how to drive?
What... you still don't know how to drive?
What... you still don't know how to drive?
What... you still don't know how to drive?
We can't trust Tom.
I can't trust Tom.
Please wake me at six.
We have a good negotiator on the staff.
Tom landed his helicopter on the roof.
You need sleep.
Are you interested in flowers?
I received a telegram from her.
White bears live in the Arctic.
What's in the bucket?
Do not step on a dog's tail.
I don't have anything to wear.
I can't tell you how to pronounce the word.
The ocean was calm.
The ocean was calm.
There is a foul odor in the air.
I like hares.
My dog ate my homework.
My dog ate my homework.
Tom doesn't tell jokes.
They're all the same size.
Night draws nigh.
That was very foolish.
You can't expect good weather here at this time of year.
In a job like this, it's hard to get enough exercise.
The fight began with the rapid exchange of blows.
Is the exhibit open to the public?
What's all the excitement about?
My socks are still damp.
I have to put the baby to bed.
I have to put the baby to bed.
I have to put the baby to bed.
Please write the answer on this piece of paper.
Please turn on the light.
Tom is likely to pass today's exam.
You can count on him.
Please back me up!
5000 yuan is a lot of money.
They backed me up in everything.
Your soul needs to be saved.
The students laughed.
It's already dark outside.
There were a lot of people in the room.
Can I ask you a question?
Can I ask you a question?
Did you tape that concert?
Did you tape that concert?
Did you tape that concert?
Where are the guards?
It took half an hour.
It took half an hour.
It took half an hour.
I hate that song.
Put your hat on.
I haven't changed much, have I?
I've checked the records.
I've cleaned every room except your bedroom.
I have clients to call.
This music is terrible.
I got a promotion.
I got scared.
I hesitated.
I hate fighting.
Tom restarted his computer.
I had doubts.
I got scared.
I got promoted.
I've cleaned every room except your bedroom.
I've cleaned every room except your bedroom.
I've cleaned every room except your bedroom.
I've checked the records.
I've checked the records.
I've checked the records.
I haven't changed much, have I?
I hate people like Tom.
I hate people like Tom.
He helped an old lady get up from her seat.
He helped an old lady get up from her seat.
I've never eaten Chinese food before.
He is studying in the library now.
Please don't worry about me.
I won't lower myself to his level.
A rabbit has long ears and a short tail.
He made mistake after mistake.
It's getting dark.
She will regret this.
Your journey starts here.
I'm very proud of my daughter.
It's not funny! Stop it!
Can you continue?
Can you continue?
I went to bed at twelve last night.
I went to bed at twelve last night.
I went to Hawaii on vacation for a couple of weeks.
I went to Hawaii on vacation for a couple of weeks.
I agree with him on that point.
I agree with him on that point.
Don't ask questions. Just follow orders.
Don't ask questions. Just follow orders.
I'll keep it a secret. Don't worry.
Please stop playing with your hat.
He is displeased at her rude behavior.
He is enamored of her beauty.
He took her by the upper parts of her arms.
He scolded her.
He invited her to go to the concert.
He invited her to go to the concert.
You've arrived too early.
No one takes us seriously.
Anyway, I disagree with your opinion.
Anyway, I disagree with your opinion.
No roses without thorns.
The Americans did not like the new plan.
I'm not an idiot.
The moon is out.
It's an emergency!
Yes, I agree with you. It's also that.
I could have helped you with your exam, but you didn't want me to.
I could help you with your exam if you want.
I could have helped you with your exam, but you didn't want me to.
I had my camera stolen.
Where did she learn this?
Where did they learn this?
Where did you learn this?
You must do your best.
You must do your best.
You must do your best.
Anna married without the knowledge of her parents.
You will soon be convinced I am right.
You will soon be convinced I am right.
You will soon be convinced I am right.
You will soon be convinced I am right.
They are approaching.
Put the radio on, please.
He kissed her with his eyes closed.
Tom knows a lot about computers.
A rose smells sweet.
A rose smells sweet.
I don't have a dime left.
Tom told the children that they could stay here in the room if they didn't make any noise.
Write down his address.
No one followed me.
I nearly starved.
I nearly starved.
I'm no one special.
Don't worry about that.
Don't worry about that.
I'm very angry.
I'm very angry.
I just can't memorize students' names.
I started to cry too.
I started to cry too.
She started crying and I started crying too.
A trip to America is out of the question.
The explanation was beyond my understanding.
Stop calling me that!
He told me that he had lost his watch.
Please bring me two pieces of chalk.
Tom will pay.
Do you want the tea hot or iced?
The man is quite capable of telling lies.
The dog is yours.
Sail along the coast.
Explain the message to me.
The earliest civilizations arose in Mesopotamia.
Get to the point.
Please stop beating around the bush and come straight to the point.
This book is worthy of attention.
The submarine hid in the depths of the ocean.
The goal was offside.
Is there a barber shop in the hotel?
The fire started in the kitchen.
The fire started in the kitchen.
There is a knife missing.
Feeling chilly, I turned on the heater.
I opened the box and looked inside.
I never laid a finger on her.
Do you have a choice?
Do we have a choice?
Do you have a choice?
She is collecting material for a book.
I want to kiss you.
It is getting dark. Let's go home.
I'd like to see the sixth film of Harry Potter.
I'd like to see the sixth film of Harry Potter.
This sign says "do not feed the animals."
This sign says "do not feed the animals."
Remember your promise! "Don't worry! I can keep a secret!"
Remember your promise! "Don't worry! I can keep a secret!"
Remember your promise! "Don't worry! I can keep a secret!"
Remember your promise! "Don't worry! I can keep a secret!"
Remember your promise! "Don't worry! I can keep a secret!"
Remember your promise! "Don't worry! I can keep a secret!"
Remember your promise! "Don't worry! I can keep a secret!"
Remember your promise! "Don't worry! I can keep a secret!"
Remember your promise! "Don't worry! I can keep a secret!"
Remember your promise! "Don't worry! I can keep a secret!"
Remember your promise! "Don't worry! I can keep a secret!"
Remember your promise! "Don't worry! I can keep a secret!"
He had decided on a new policy.
There was a stack of newspapers in the corner of the room.
She wants you to learn how to read.
She wants you to learn how to read.
Hold the rope tight.
Hold the rope tight.
It leaves every thirty minutes.
I warned him not to smoke.
Are you a foreigner?
Are you a foreigner?
Tom said he was utterly exhausted.
A trip to Hawaii will cost you about 200 dollars.
You speak nonsense, my friend.
A group of gangsters stole the money.
The alarm went off.
I would like to eat sushi.
I don't want to live by myself.
Where are you going exactly?
I feel like doing something different today.
I feel like doing something different today.
Will you keep my valuables for me, please?
Do you want to leave a message? "No, thanks."
This seems wrong.
I want to make a phone call.
I want to travel to the moon.
He wanted to be respected by everybody.
She wanted to get married immediately.
I wanted to go to the concert.
He wanted to hear about the news.
Japan and South Korea are neighbors.
English is studied in China, too.
Excuse me, do you mind if I sit here?
Excuse me, do you mind if I sit here?
I want to make a private visit.
The water is extremely dangerous around here.
Computers can perform a very complicated task in a fraction of a second.
Computers can perform a very complicated task in a fraction of a second.
Could you give me a wake-up call at seven?
Could you give me a wake-up call at seven?
Could you give me a wake-up call at seven?
Let's go by bus to see more of the city.
I want to visit Egypt some day.
I am very sad today.
Love is the miracle of civilization.
Why don't you come dancing with me?
You will get into trouble if your girlfriend finds out the truth.
She was fortunate to pass the exam.
Crossing that desert is dangerous.
Is there any mail for me?
It was not until Lucy left me that I realized how much I loved her.
It was not until Lucy left me that I realized how much I loved her.
Marry first and love will follow.
How did you come to love her?
I didn't mean to do that.
She does nothing but complain.
She whispered it in my ear.
She regrets that she failed the examination.
I wish we had won the game.
I wish you could have been there.
I wish you could have been there.
If he had given up smoking then, he might not be suffering from such a disease.
I felt very sorry that I had put them to so much trouble.
I felt very sorry that I had put them to so much trouble.
My father gave me a game.
My father bought this hat for me.
My father gave a nice watch to me.
My father gave a nice watch to me.
I don't have much faith in his ability.
Can you use a computer?
It's a situation I would love to change.
It's a situation I would love to change.
I need a cup of hot coffee.
Spring has come early this year compared with last year.
He stopped talking.
He stopped talking.
Unfortunately, my birthday is only once a year.
I was born on April 3, 1950.
I was born on April 3, 1950.
Yes, my angel.
The old man was sitting on a bench.
The old man was sitting on a bench.
There is nothing in the world from which we can't learn something.
I don't want to look stupid.
I didn't want to look stupid.
I will give you a large folder.
I will give you a large folder.
Mistakes happen.
He knows how to fly a helicopter.
He knows how to sell houses.
He knows how to talk to customers.
The story begins far in the past.
Let's stay in touch.
I am still alone.
I am still alone.
Our teachers say ours is the best school in the state, and in a way, it is.
How many missiles can this aircraft carry?
They hate Tom.
We didn't have a fight.
We went inside.
We went inside.
We went inside.
We trusted you.
We trusted you.
Mother thought of nothing but my coming home.
Where did you find such an ugly hat?
Where did you find such an ugly hat?
Everybody didn't go to bed.
Is the apple red?
I seriously doubt that.
I seriously doubt that.
He looked really cute.
I sense that Tom is hiding something.
I sense that Tom is hiding something.
I sense that Tom is hiding something.
I sense that Tom is hiding something.
I say it's worth a try.
I find it very sad.
She texted her boyfriend.
We stole it.
She came to Japan for the purpose of studying Japanese.
We stopped it.
We went to the park to take pictures.
He went there to learn English.
He went there to learn English.
You'd better eat everything that's on your plate.
You'd better eat everything that's on your plate.
The baby is still sleeping.
He went to Paris to study French.
She went to the movies by herself.
Which cup is yours?
We need a leader.
We need leaders.
He came in quietly in order not to wake the family.
I had a cup of tea to keep myself awake.
I had a cup of tea to keep myself awake.
Tom stopped to take a close look at the car.
I won't dance.
I'll be alone.
I'll be alone.
I'll be alone.
I'll make tea.
I'm alone now.
Can't you swim?
Can't you swim?
Don't buy that.
Don't buy that.
I got arrested.
I need to rest.
I was a member.
I've been an idiot.
I was mistaken.
I was starving.
I was starving.
I wasn't alone.
I wasn't alone.
I wasn't wrong.
I wasn't wrong.
I'll change it.
Don't you agree?
Don't you agree?
Don't you agree?
How rich is Tom?
I deserved that.
I deserved that.
I threw it away.
I threw it away.
I totally agree.
I totally agree.
I totally agree.
I wasn't kidding.
I wasn't kidding.
This hat cost me $10.
I wish I had bought a concert ticket.
I wish I had bought a ticket for the concert.
I wish I had bought a ticket for the concert.
I wish I had followed the doctor's advice.
I wish I had followed the doctor's advice.
The dog was dead.
Tom went willingly.
Crossing the street, I was nearly hit by a car.
I no longer study French.
Don't you dare feel sorry for me.
I agree with him.
The view is amazing.
I have some bad news.
I have bad news.
I assume you know where Tom hid the key.
I assume you know where Tom hid the key.
Use your key.
I don't know where they hid the key.
Forty people were present.
Every rose has its thorns.
There are some eggs in the box.
I enjoy feeding the pigeons.
Tom wants to know where you hid the key.
Tom would like to ask you some questions.
Tom would like to ask you a few questions.
Apart from cats, I like animals.
He made a grave mistake.
He made a grave mistake.
There were no hats in that store that fit me.
There were no hats in that store that fit me.
I want to become a musician.
Mr Brown is a doctor.
Discuss and give examples.
She bores me.
This medicine will make you feel much better.
Ready or not, the exam begins in ten minutes.
Now, said Mr. Wood.
They stayed married for the sake of their children.
Tom was silent.
I'm very proud of my parents.
They resumed walking.
We have visitors.
Your house is big.
I'm expecting visitors.
Wassily Kandinsky was born on the 16th of December 1866 in Moscow.
I like to dance.
I like to dance.
Put down your pencil.
Put down your pencil.
Put down your pencil.
You walk on the ice.
That changed everything.
Don't be so sensitive.
Don't be so sensitive.
I went to a concert.
How was Tom murdered?
He walked his horse to the gate.
My grandfather was murdered during the Second World War.
You are special.
We promised.
That's cool.
That's excellent.
It was very dark.
He didn't want to sell the book.
I'd like you to meet Mr Brown.
She found a nice tie for me.
I'd like you to meet Mr. Brown.
Let's keep it secret that he is ill.
Mike liked animals very much.
I want to make Tom proud of me.
I want to know how tall Tom is.
Gérard de Nerval wrote Journey to the East.
Get off at Himeji Station.
I'm going to clean your bedroom today.
Tom is eating cereal.
Are you still interested?
There are a lot of legends in Japan.
No one could find the cave.
The lid is closed.
Mexico is the third largest country in North America, after Canada and the United States.
His anger was such that he lost control of himself.
The Russians won, as everyone expected.
Do you want to see my bedroom?
This factory manufactures electric stoves.
Tom stayed seated.
He ordered a chop suey.
I think I'm right, but I'm not going to fight about it.
The way I figure, they should have been here already.
I'll never forget the experience I had yesterday.
Have you ordered the feed for the chickens?
Very few children draw as well as Tom can.
The child refused to let anyone feed him.
I'll be there on the fifth of June.
We were well fed at the hotel.
I felt tired last night.
Do you have a fever?
I feel tired.
Tom walked home.
What I'm going to do is study French.
People of 65 and above get a pension from the government.
When they saw the star, they were overjoyed.
It was one of the most incredible experiences of my life.
Do you know the man standing on the bridge?
It was a brief journey.
Let's have a minute of silence.
He listened very carefully in order not to miss a single word.
Ask, and it shall be given you; seek, and ye shall find; knock, and it shall be opened unto you.
Do you know the man standing on the bridge?
He must be able to pass the exam since he has the capacity.
She feels homesick.
That was a valuable experience.
Thank you for letting me know.
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
I had to leave the theater in the middle of the concert.
Just by looking at your face, I know that you have good news.
It's getting late, so we'd better get going.
Put your glasses on.
They say that she'll get married soon.
What do you do before breakfast?
Tom doesn't spend much time thinking about money.
I promised my parents I wouldn't drink.
I had an awful day.
I don't know how deep the lake is.
My dream is still just a dream.
Please remain seated until the bus stops completely.
Please remain seated until the bus stops completely.
Glasses and dishes were broken.
Go to bed.
Take a bath and go to bed.
Take a bath and go to bed.
I'm not used to spicy food.
This book consists of five chapters.
Tom lost control.
Tom isn't crazy.
I'm depending on you to help me.
Tom isn't buying.
Your income is three times larger than mine.
Compared with yours, my car is small.
I always suspected him of using drugs.
We appreciate his talent.
I'm just looking, thank you.
I'll take this coat.
Could you show me that necktie?
The first edition was published ten years ago.
The first edition was published ten years ago.
I'm alone.
I'm brave.
I'm brave.
I tried it.
I tried it.
Did Tom try?
Did Tom win?
Did Tom win?
You won?
Did you win?
Did you win?
Did you win?
Hear me out.
Hear me out.
I'll eat it.
I'm sending you a birthday present by airmail.
Can I use it?
Could we sit?
Did Tom swim?
I'll send the book by mail.
Do you dance?
Do you dance?
Hey, wake up!
Hey, wake up!
Hey, wake up!
Hey, wake up!
I can manage.
I took risks.
I took risks.
I was hiding.
I was hiding.
I was joking.
I was joking.
I'll sign it.
Don't hate me.
Don't risk it.
Don't risk it.
I got married.
I let you win.
I let you win.
I let you win.
I let you win.
I lost my hat.
I lost my hat.
Cover your eyes.
Cover your eyes.
Dancing is fun.
Does that hurt?
Have some cake.
Have some cake.
I must be sure.
I must be sure.
I was restless.
I was restless.
I'll trust you.
Did Tom respond?
Has Tom arrived?
I need a change.
I was a witness.
I was a witness.
I'll be on time.
I'm back online.
Welcome aboard!
I was desperate.
I was desperate.
I would've paid.
I would've paid.
I'll be present.
I'll carry this.
I'll destroy it.
I'll escort you.
I'll escort you.
I'll follow you.
I'll follow you.
I'll keep watch.
I'll visit soon.
I'm an attorney.
I'm experienced.
I'm experienced.
I'm experienced.
I'm experienced.
I'm proud to be working on this project.
Drink this juice.
Drink this juice.
I feel so lonely.
I feel so lonely.
I hate Halloween.
I know the owner.
I must have this.
I must have this.
I need a vacation.
I was so worried.
I was so worried.
I wasn't worried.
I wasn't worried.
I wasn't worried.
I wasn't worried.
I will protect you.
I will protect you.
I'll lose weight.
I'll never learn.
I'm an assistant.
I'm dead serious.
I'm dead serious.
She likes to go to dance with her friends.
I'm going inside.
I never eat before breakfast.
The leaves have begun to change colors.
How did you learn to speak French so well?
I know it's awful.
I might need that.
Do you mind my turning on the radio?
Do you mind my turning on the radio?
Do you mind my turning on the radio?
I want Tom to win.
I want Tom to win.
I was just scared.
I was just scared.
I was on vacation.
I was on vacation.
I was on vacation.
I was on vacation.
There is lightning.
I worry about you.
I worry about you.
I worry about you.
I worry about you.
Do you always drink coffee with your breakfast?
I'll drive myself.
I'll drive myself.
Don't get personal.
Don't get personal.
I don't object to your plan.
How was the flight?
I hate watching TV.
I just made dinner.
I just made dinner.
I knew I could win.
I knew I could win.
I knew I could win.
I knew I could win.
You're a beauty.
You're a beauty.
I need to rest now.
I totally disagree.
I totally disagree.
I totally disagree.
I want to sit down.
He's in big trouble.
I was just kidding.
I was just kidding.
I was only kidding.
I was only kidding.
I'll take a chance.
I'll take a chance.
I'm afraid for you.
I'm afraid for you.
I'm glad you agree.
I'm glad you agree.
I'm glad you agree.
I'm glad you agree.
I'm glad you agree.
I'm glad you agree.
How big is your dog?
How big is your dog?
How big is your dog?
How big is your dog?
I know you feel sad.
I know you feel sad.
I need an assistant.
He gave his life for the nation.
I want you to guess.
I want you to guess.
I want you to guess.
I want your respect.
I was in my bedroom.
I was in my bedroom.
My bed is more comfortable than yours.
My bed is more comfortable than yours.
My bed is more comfortable than yours.
My bed is more comfortable than yours.
I know the difference.
I know the difference.
I need another chance.
I owe Tom 300 dollars.
I owe Tom 300 dollars.
The moon is behind the clouds.
She picked him up at the station.
Has he arrived already?
Which is more important, economic development or environmental protection?
The men's room is on the second floor.
I think you have a fever.
I think you have a fever.
I think you have a fever.
I think you have a fever.
I thought I heard a thud.
I thought I heard a thud.
I thought Tom had a date.
I thought Tom had a date.
I thought you had a date.
I thought you had a date.
I thought you had a date.
I thought you had a date.
I thought you had a date.
I thought you had a date.
I thought you had a date.
I thought you had a date.
I thought you had a date.
I thought you had a date.
I thought you looked sad.
I thought you looked sad.
I thought you looked sad.
I thought you looked sad.
I thought you looked sad.
I thought you looked sad.
I told Tom to wear a tie.
I told Tom to wear a tie.
I'll need some more time.
Don't even joke about that.
Don't even joke about that.
Don't worry. I'll help you.
Don't worry. I'll help you.
I don't have time to argue.
I don't think you're crazy.
I don't think you're crazy.
I need more time to prepare.
I swim once or twice a week.
I think I want to be a monk.
I thought I heard a gunshot.
I thought I heard a gunshot.
I thought Tom had left town.
I thought Tom had left town.
I thought Tom was fantastic.
I thought Tom was fantastic.
I thought Tom was in prison.
I thought Tom was in prison.
I thought you loved reading.
I thought you loved reading.
I thought you loved reading.
I thought you loved reading.
I thought you might need it.
I thought you might need it.
I thought you might need it.
I thought you might need it.
I'll meet you at the station.
I'll meet you at the station.
I'm afraid we have no choice.
I'm beginning to feel stupid.
I'm going on a business trip.
Could you make sure Tom is OK?
Could you make sure Tom is OK?
Could you make sure Tom is OK?
Don't buy me presents anymore.
Don't buy me presents anymore.
I don't want people to hate me.
I don't want this night to end.
Have a nice trip!
Have a nice vacation.
Tom is looking for an easy way to lose weight.
I was at a conference last week.
I was at a conference last week.
I wouldn't recommend doing that.
I wouldn't recommend doing that.
I'll try to make it before 2:30.
I don't think we have any choice.
I wonder where Tom keeps his wine.
It was a disaster.
That was a secret.
It was an accident, Tom.
It was dark, wasn't it?
It was dark, wasn't it?
Tom waited for the elevator.
Tom wanted to cry.
Tom wanted to buy some sugar.
Tom wants my telephone number.
Tom wants to ask us a few questions.
Tom was sad.
Tom went inside.
It was an accident.
I'm very glad to hear the news.
I'm very glad to hear the news.
I am glad to hear the news.
I am glad to hear the news.
He is glad to hear the news.
I was glad to hear the news.
I was glad to hear the news.
Tom went to the kitchen to get a cup of coffee.
Tom went to the kitchen to get a cup of coffee.
Tom went to the library to study.
Tom went to the library.
Tom went to the park.
Tom came upstairs.
I've opened many Facebook and Twitter accounts since 2008. I now have six Facebook accounts and fifteen Twitter accounts.
I've opened many Facebook and Twitter accounts since 2008. I now have six Facebook accounts and fifteen Twitter accounts.
I'll speak to you at a more convenient time.
I'll speak to you at a more convenient time.
I'll speak to you at a more convenient time.
I'll speak to you at a more convenient time.
You make me feel so guilty.
You make me feel so guilty.
I want to be with you forever.
His grandparents hail from Silesia.
Can we really learn to speak a foreign language like a native?
It is difficult for a foreigner to study Japanese.
It is difficult for foreigners to get used to Japanese meals.
It is difficult to express one's thoughts in English.
It is difficult for me to pronounce the word.
Although it is a very difficult task, I will do my best.
It is a very difficult job for us.
Am I waiting in the wrong place?
I'm waiting for my friend to arrive.
I'm waiting for Tom to get here.
I'm waiting for an explanation.
I'm waiting for a phone call.
I'm waiting for this trip.
I'm waiting for this trip.
I want to wait until I'm married.
I'm still waiting for my order.
I'm going to wait until Tom gets here.
I'm sorry for keeping you waiting.
If you teach me your language, I'll teach you mine.
Mr Smith teaches me English.
Do not change your mind, whatever happens.
The story of Edward Snowden has reminded us once again that even the walls have ears.
I am crazy about you.
It would be nice if you helped me a little.
It would be nice if you helped me a little.
My television set is 15 years old, but it still works perfectly.
To tell the truth, I drove my father's car without his permission.
To tell the truth, I drove my father's car without his permission.
You're my sweetie.
I need a pencil.
I need colored pencils.
This joke is not funny.
I am now learning Esperanto.
Tom swims like a fish.
Mary had been waiting till her child fell asleep.
You ought to ask for your teacher's permission.
Tom closes his eyes when he swims underwater.
I agree with his plan.
Tom eats like a pig.
Oh God, oh God, what do I do?
I don't need help.
Tom helps his colleagues.
The way to a man's heart is through his stomach.
What's all the commotion?
I'm not used to making speeches in public.
You should follow his advice.
Tom wears a hat every day.
I'd like to help Tom prove it.
I'd like to help Tom prove it.
I'd like to see the agreement.
I'd like to see the agreement.
I'd rather not discuss it now.
I'd rather not discuss it now.
I'll call you when I need you.
I'll call you when I need you.
I'll help you clean your room.
I'll help you clean your room.
I'll need some help with this.
I'll save you a piece of cake.
I'll save you a piece of cake.
I'll teach you how to do that.
I'll teach you how to do that.
I'll try to keep that in mind.
I'll try to memorize it.
I'm free every day but Monday.
I'm free every day but Monday.
Do you want to leave a message?
Do you want to leave a message?
Don't you want to live forever?
Don't you want to live forever?
I already feel better about that.
I came here as fast as I could.
I came here as fast as I could.
I can't stand the anticipation.
I'm going to swim.
I heard that the distance between Tokyo and Osaka is about 10 km.
I didn't know you were unhappy.
I didn't know you were unhappy.
I didn't know you were unhappy.
I didn't know you were unhappy.
I didn't know you were unhappy.
I didn't know you were unhappy.
I have no interest in politics.
I haven't asked a question yet.
I haven't asked a question yet.
I knocked, but no one answered.
I knocked, but no one answered.
I know how you must be feeling.
I know how you must be feeling.
I know how you must be feeling.
I know where Tom hides the key.
That's not bad.
We returned to Osaka on April 2.
He was heartbroken.
He fled with the money.
He absconded with the money.
He absented himself from classes.
He accelerated his car and overtook me.
I've been studying Greek.
I told Tom not to drive my car.
I told Tom not to drive my car.
I wanted to ask you a question.
I wanted to ask you a question.
I wanted to ask you a question.
I wanted to ask you a question.
I wanted Tom to clean his room.
I wanted Tom to clean his room.
I wanted you to be proud of me.
I wanted you to be proud of me.
I wanted you to be proud of me.
I wanted you to be proud of me.
I wanted you to be proud of me.
I wanted you to be proud of me.
I was really worried about you.
I was really worried about you.
I was really worried about you.
I was really worried about you.
I was really worried about you.
I was really worried about you.
I was really worried about you.
I was really worried about you.
I am extremely tired.
I am extremely tired.
Tom burned his clothes.
He acknowledged it to be true.
He added a little sugar to the coffee.
He admitted that he had committed the crime.
He advised me not to believe what she says.
He advised me not to smoke.
He rarely went there.
He always leaves for work at 8:00 a.m.
I watch the news every evening.
I wish I could get out of here.
I worry about you all the time.
I worry about you all the time.
I worry about you all the time.
I worry about you all the time.
I need a computer.
I need a lamp.
Could you give me a wake-up call at seven?
He's not an American, but he likes America.
I will eat the meat.
I ate the meat.
I hate living alone.
I hate living alone.
I hate living alone.
I hate living alone.
I hate living alone.
They're there alone.
I never drink alone.
Are you still alone?
Are you still alone?
I'm alone now.
I'm alone now.
Are you all alone?
Are you all alone?
Is Tom there alone?
I love being alone.
I hate to eat alone.
I hate to eat alone.
They're now alone.
I live here alone.
I live here alone.
You aren't alone.
You aren't alone.
You aren't alone.
I'm all alone here.
I'm all alone here.
Tom is all alone.
Is Tom alone now?
Tom lives alone.
He respects me.
He walks fast.
He studies Chinese.
He's Mr. Jones.
He speaks English.
He speaks English.
Dreams come true.
He goes to the library to read books.
He always walks with a rifle.
He answered that he could swim well.
I think I will take a vacation this week.
For my part I prefer to stay at home and read a novel.
This is the first time I've ever assembled an engine.
A strong wind blew all day long.
Do you want to kiss me?
Do you want to kiss me?
I can see a difference.
I can see a difference.
I could never hate you.
I could never hate you.
I could never hate you.
I could never hate you.
I didn't have a chance.
I didn't put this here.
I didn't put this here.
I don't trust that guy.
I felt like a big fool.
I felt like a big fool.
I have a wonderful job.
I have a secret weapon.
I have clients waiting.
I have three computers.
I hope Tom doesn't die.
I knew you were joking.
I knew you were joking.
I knew you were joking.
I knew you were joking.
I know all the details.
I know all the details.
I know all the details.
I know all the details.
I know how busy Tom is.
I know Tom was unhappy.
I know Tom was unhappy.
I might make a mistake.
I might make a mistake.
I will try, but I do not know for sure whether I can go to the movies tomorrow or not.
I told Tom I hated him.
I told Tom I hated him.
I want you to sit here.
I want you to sit here.
I want you to sit here.
I want you to trust me.
I want you to trust me.
I want you to trust me.
I was wrong about that.
I was wrong about that.
The two came to the same conclusion.
I won't fail this time.
I worry about the kids.
I worry about the kids.
I wouldn't advise that.
I wouldn't advise that.
Illness prevented me from going to school.
I'll be in the library.
I'll keep that in mind.
I'll keep that in mind.
I'll need a few things.
I'll need my own tools.
I'll need my own tools.
I'll prepare some food.
What an idiot he was!
I'll take a look at it.
I burned the paper.
She set the bird free from the cage.
Tom won the triathlon.
He assumed that the train would be on time.
Please don't play near the railroad tracks.
I'm not lucky.
He loves cars, while his brother hates them.
Thankfully, there was an Armani store just outside the alley where Dima had slept.
He became a famous actor.
He became a sailor.
He started to cry.
Tom is the murderer.
To his great joy, his team won the game.
Can you recommend a good play?
Where are the satellites?
The cats are relaxing in the sun.
I had a sweet dream yesterday.
No news is good news.
Don't try to leave town.
Don't try to leave town.
Don't say I didn't warn.
Don't say I didn't warn.
Don't say I didn't warn.
Don't say I didn't warn.
Hey, where're you going?
Hey, where're you going?
I could do this forever.
I could do this forever.
I don't think Tom cares.
I have a date on Friday.
I have a wonderful idea.
I have no choice at all.
I have no proof of that.
I have no time to waste.
I heard you got married.
I heard you got married.
I thought Tom was great.
I thought Tom was great.
I told you not to worry.
I told you not to worry.
I told you not to worry.
I told you not to worry.
I told you not to worry.
I told you not to worry.
I told you not to worry.
I told you not to worry.
I took a big risk today.
I took a big risk today.
I was in the front seat.
I was in the front seat.
I was starting to worry.
I started to worry.
I was starting to worry.
I was starting to worry.
I was told Tom ran away.
I won't argue with that.
I won't leave you again.
I won't leave you again.
I won't stay here alone.
I won't stay here alone.
I won't need it anymore.
I wouldn't recommend it.
I wouldn't recommend it.
I'd rather not touch it.
I'd rather not touch it.
I'll be counting on you.
I'll be counting on you.
I'll need a few minutes.
I'll put it on the list.
I'm at the Hilton Hotel.
I'm giving you a chance.
I'm giving you a chance.
Can't you leave me alone?
Can't you leave me alone?
Can't you leave me alone?
Does that make you happy?
Does that make you happy?
Think of what you are reading while you are reading it.
Tom arrived eight days ago.
Tom answered carefully.
He ate an apple.
Wake me up at six, please.
Wake me up at six, please.
I'm going to cook dinner.
Go to bed.
It was stupid.
People change.
How did it end?
How did it end?
Is it a secret?
Is that my hat?
Tom ran inside.
Was that a yes?
Why is it dark?
Are you a model?
Are you a model?
Give us a break.
Give us a break.
I have a theory.
Tom is very busy today, but he'll try to fit you in somewhere.
We received the order yesterday, but haven't filled it yet.
That was no accident. Someone set the house on fire.
Don't force yourself to eat if you don't want to.
Turn left when you get to the fork in the road.
Help me fold these blankets and put them away.
Be sure to follow these instructions exactly.
Tom was sitting at the foot of the stairs.
I haven't been following the news lately.
Tom is always the first one to complain.
We were forced to change our tactics.
That's something I hadn't figured on.
I'd like to fly there if possible.
Will you teach me how to float?
Are there many foreigners here?
Who's going to foot the bill?
This suit fits you perfectly.
Are you allowed to fish here?
I said a very foolish thing.
The birds are flying south.
I didn't like Tom at first.
Look, the barn is on fire!
Is the food good there?
Can you fix this?
He stole my watch.
It is no use worrying about it.
I want to lose weight.
He wants to know how he can lose weight.
She wants to know how she can lose weight.
Tom wanted to lose weight.
Write it down before you forget it.
Write it down before you forget it.
You should write it down before you forget it.
You should write it down before you forget it.
You should write it down before you forget it.
I am tired because I had to study for this exam last night.
I am tired because I had to study for this exam last night.
I am tired of reading.
I am tired of reading.
I am so tired that I can hardly walk.
No matter how tired I am, I have to work.
No matter how tired I am, I have to work.
I am very tired from a long drive.
I am very tired with reading.
I am very tired with reading.
I'm tired of dancing.
I'm tired of dancing.
I'm tired of dancing.
I'm tired of dancing.
I'm tired of translating.
I'm tired of translating.
I'm tired of this place.
I'm so tired. I'm not even sure whether I'll be able to survive this day.
I'm very tired, but I can't get to sleep.
I'm very tired, but I can't get to sleep.
I'm so tired that I can barely move.
I'm so tired that I can barely move.
Not bad. But I'm a little tired.
Not bad. But I'm a little tired.
I'm feeling tired.
Not bad, but I'm a bit tired.
I'm sick and tired of being lonely.
I'm sick and tired of being lonely.
I'm too tired of arguing.
I'm too tired of arguing.
Don't worry about the baby.
Don't worry about the baby.
Things are changing.
That changes everything.
I assume you have a passport.
Don't struggle.
Don't fight.
Shut up and kiss me!
I can't believe I'm talking to you about this.
What was the hotel called? I can't remember.
What was the hotel called? I can't remember.
No one will hurt you.
What's the assignment for tomorrow?
This should not be allowed.
I can teach you how to sell.
Should I pay for the gas?
I would like to ask a question.
I'm famished.
For further information, see page 16.
I can't express my feelings.
How many computers does this engineer have?
Will you help me with my English homework?
He came down to breakfast.
Careful! There's a pothole on the road.
He inserted the key in the lock.
Does he still have a temperature?
I don't need a nap.
I try.
Will you remind me to mail these letters?
You're an extremely beautiful young woman.
My daughter is buying milk from the store.
Your composition has a few mistakes.
Tom acted the part of a sailor.
The rain lasted five days.
I hate you with all of my heart.
I hate you with all of my heart.
He can swim fast.
He can swim on his back.
He carried a rifle on his shoulder.
I don't trust women.
It is exactly three o'clock now.
What do you think about the Japanese economy?
You're really wonderful.
You're really wonderful.
I hope you die.
I hope you die.
Walking along the street, I met Mr Smith.
You've been helpful.
Solid water is called ice.
He came from the south.
I will help you for the sake of our old friendship.
Tom seldom asks questions.
He changed his job.
Don't treat me like I'm stupid.
There's no other possible explanation.
Men are pigs.
Knock it off.
This bus will take you to the station.
He swam until he could swim no more.
I think she's hiding something.
Do you think that he will pass the examination?
Do you think that he will pass the examination?
May I kiss you?
I can tell it's him by the way he speaks.
He described the scene in detail.
Sometimes, it's difficult to choose.
The pieces of broken glass glittered in the sun.
That elevator is for freight only.
The room is very gloomy.
The sugar is all gone.
Tom went on talking.
The cat is eating the small mouse.
I'm certain of your success.
You've worked hard for months and have certainly earned a holiday.
Tom works for the IRS.
Always something new, but rarely something good.
Why didn't you follow my advice?
Hating someone is so easy.
Don't look at me with such sad eyes.
I taught him how to swim.
He shot an arrow at the deer.
He was sent to jail for murder.
I was moved by this movie.
He arrived in Tokyo yesterday.
Tom taught Mary a lot of useful French.
Tom came yesterday.
I want to get out of here.
Tom was killed by lightning.
Tom was killed by lightning.
Tom was killed by lightning.
You are always complaining.
I don't mind if you smoke.
For our friendship!
Her grave is there.
Follow your dreams.
Tom is buying a new house.
He studied abroad.
Illness prevented him from doing his work.
Illness prevented him from doing his work.
The traffic accident prevented me from catching the train.
She drives a BMW.
She drives a Beemer.
The meat tastes bad.
Tom eats anything Mary puts in front of him.
She removed her hat when she entered the room.
He died of cancer of the stomach.
Let's say you're right.
Let's say you're right.
Let's say you're right.
I hate to wait.
You haven't taught me.
I had a phone call from him.
It is morning. The children are eating breakfast.
He demanded that his salary be increased.
Leave my house and never return.
He managed to pass the examination.
He managed to pass the examination.
Tom is thinking of selling his house.
It took us half an hour to set up the tent.
We have barely enough bread for breakfast.
Are you an idiot or what?
It's a big responsibility.
It's time to open the third wardrobe.
Perhaps it will snow tomorrow.
I don't want to spend the rest of my life regretting it.
Spring comes after winter.
You must keep your room tidy.
I felt very lonely.
My computer doesn't work anymore.
After the rain, many mushrooms grow in the forest.
We're making breakfast.
Thanks for understanding.
Does the man feed the cat?
I stole your bag because I ran out of money.
His grave is there.
Her grave is there.
Elaine is in hospital.
The hospital is overrun.
We carried on talking.
We need a medical team here!
He was refused medical treatment.
Laurie broke the glass.
Laurie broke the glass.
He slept at ten o'clock yesterday.
She slept at ten o'clock yesterday.
I will sleep at ten o'clock.
I sleep at ten o'clock.
Emily can swim.
My grades are above average.
Did he already fall asleep?
Why didn't you warn me?
He never counts on my help.
We don't need to waste money on things we don't need.
They don't seem to be Americans.
I know you're hiding something.
It was a magical moment.
He tried to kiss me.
I already know you're crazy.
This carpet is beautiful.
The huge explosion killed six people.
Where's my cup?
You don't need me anymore.
You don't need my help.
You have to pay taxes.
You want to talk, don't you?
Why didn't you warn us?
Some apples fell down from the tree.
He doesn't do stupid things like that.
There is no need for him to work.
Where can I find them?
I don't trust politicians.
Tom likes cooking for Mary.
The clock on that tower is accurate.
You didn't even cry.
Tom poured a cup of tea for Mary.
I'll ride shotgun.
I don't want to die!
She decided to marry Tom.
I don't know anybody in this town.
Just go inside.
He cannot be hungry; he has just had lunch.
I have a wonderful plan.
That sounds terrible.
Tom met Mary three years ago.
Sometimes the first symptom of cardiovascular disease is death.
Gluttony is one of the seven deadly sins.
I knew Tom was cruel.
What time do you watch the news?
Do you like to watch sports on television?
No! After you do your homework, you can watch television.
He looked at her and blushed.
The conference closed at five.
I would like to book a room with a double bed.
I couldn't sleep last night, so I decided to watch a horror movie.
How many days did the Six-Day War last?
He devoted his life to education.
This is a comfortable chair.
This is a comfortable chair.
What do you think of my new coat?
Don't make a fool of him.
I managed to get to the station on time.
I managed to get to the station on time.
Why don't you make up your mind?
Why did you stop only the foreigners?
Do you have your passport with you?
Only one language cannot win a war against all the languages of the world.
Do you prefer white wine or red wine?
Do you prefer red or white wine?
There is a library in every city in America.
Keep on swimming up to your limit.
Why didn't Tom warn us?
This isn't sugar.
I can't hate you.
I had to make some phone calls.
No, Sir, I am German.
Thanks to your help, I passed the exam.
Why is it always my responsibility to pay the bills?
He escaped from prison.
He explained how the accident came about.
They didn't change their minds.
He fell into a deep sleep.
Look at the distant horizon!
Look at the distant horizon!
You didn't need to hurry.
The moon is beautiful in fall.
He will never break his promise.
He must be crazy to go out in this stormy weather.
I threw the shoes out the window.
The moon is invisible behind the clouds.
I helped carry those bags.
The committee meets twice a month.
She went to France in order to study music.
I might ask the same question again.
I go to bed at ten almost every day.
This is simply not true.
I'm tired of work. I want to have lunch.
I am very glad that this sentence has so many translations already.
The cost of the painting is very high.
I just want to say thanks to you all.
I would like another cup of tea before I go.
He's sitting on the bench.
A man who smacks his wife around is contemptible.
You're in good hands.
You're in good hands.
Tom never arrives on time.
I have a message from Tom.
He made up his mind to keep his plan secret.
Tom sits at his computer all day.
Tom sits at his computer all day.
I'm cool.
Look! The train has arrived!
Tom isn't interested in politics.
Tom eats breakfast every morning.
Tom is very humble.
Don't worry. It's OK.
Don't worry. It's OK.
Don't worry. It's OK.
Don't worry. It's OK.
Don't worry. Everything's OK.
Don't worry. It's OK.
I was happy to hear the news.
I was happy to hear the news.
The policeman signaled me to stop.
I lived in Nagoya for over a month.
Here's my return ticket.
She has put her house up for sale.
The answer to this question is wrong.
This is so beautiful I cried a little.
I hope to get away from Tokyo for a few days.
Koyomi bought a bow and arrows.
Tom didn't pay for it.
She smiled and accepted my little present.
There are a lot of mistakes in this translation.
Tom started studying French three years ago.
Who was the leader of the expedition?
Please don't sit on that bench.
He telephoned her when he arrived at the station.
He telephoned her when he arrived at the station.
Her efforts bore fruit.
Her older sister got married last month.
Her son will succeed for sure.
If I have told you earthly things, and ye believe not, how shall ye believe, if I tell you of heavenly things?
Correct me if I am wrong.
Nobody forced you to help me.
Do you understand the difference?
I haven't the slightest idea.
I don't hate my sister.
I don't hate my brother.
I don't hate my sister.
I don't hate my brother.
I don't hate my sister.
I don't hate my brother.
I wanna love you forever!
I wanna love you forever!
Tom turned on the small lamp on his bedside table.
I'm on cloud nine.
That is just what I wanted.
His aunt has three cats.
I'm swimming in the ocean.
They're excellent.
He seldom stays home on Sundays.
You must study English hard.
I will be here until you return.
The watch on the desk is mine.
I still have a lot of questions I want to ask you.
Am I dying?
He got what he deserved.
I'm not proud of it.
Sorry, I must have dialed the wrong number.
Sorry, I must have dialed the wrong number.
It was a revelation to me.
We arrived five minutes before the concert.
It's absolutely ridiculous.
It's absolutely ridiculous.
The baby started crying.
I saw a dog.
I saw a dog.
I don't want you to worry.
I don't want you to worry.
I don't want you to worry.
I don't want you to worry.
I had a horrible childhood.
What's the next stop?
Tom received the highest grades in the class.
Tom did it out of the goodness of his heart.
Tom changed everything from the ground up.
I've been waiting for half an hour.
Tom held the rope with a firm grip.
I've learned a good deal from you.
I'll give Tom half of my share.
Tom is the man for the job.
Will you hand me that pencil?
How much is that gold ring?
Are you leaving for good?
What is the grand total?
Can you guess my age?
I'll be back in 30 minutes.
The trip will take at least five days.
I have things on my mind.
This is a random sentence.
Stop thief!
I think she hates me.
I think he hates me.
Tomorrow never comes.
You've got no choice.
Get some rest.
My stomach hurts.
What sports do you like?
She lives nearby.
She doesn't want to learn English.
Do you have temperature and your throat hurts?
His grandfather is still very healthy for his age.
Tom is selling his house.
The arrow missed its target.
You made the right choice.
You made the right choice.
He made the right choice.
She made the right choice.
I think you're making a big mistake.
I think you're going to need this.
I think you've made a mistake.
I think you've made a big mistake.
Tom was dying.
He complains all the time.
Are you ready to fly?
A cup of strong coffee helps me wake up.
I thought it was a fluke.
Our team may win.
Our team may win.
Are there many tourists in Armenia?
Do stop talking and listen to the music.
Do you have any good news?
What time does the exam start?
We are responsible in front of the law.
His object is to pass the test.
This should becalm you.
The man got up and smoked.
Life is hard, but I am harder.
I wonder why I feel so lonely when it gets cold.
Life is a gift.
No one supported me.
Thank you for the support.
Thanks for your support.
I believe in the power of dreams.
I want to make a good impression.
That's your loss.
That's your loss.
Tom can keep a secret.
How wide is it?
They sell everything here.
If I had enough money, I would buy that nice car.
I'll make tea for you.
It began to rain cats and dogs.
She can't drive.
I thought you were kidding.
I was waiting for you to get back.
I was beginning to have my doubts.
I tried to warn this might happen.
I just got your message.
That's news to me.
Forget about it. It's such a small thing.
It's finally over.
What's the difference between a star and a planet?
Marriages are made in heaven.
His hat looked very funny.
Tom watches the 6 o'clock news every evening.
Make a choice.
Don't you trust me?
Don't you trust me?
I study Chinese every day.
Tom took the trash out.
They are proud of their daughter.
I'm a black belt in karate.
The one hundred metre run starts at two in the afternoon.
His theory is difficult to understand.
Stop hitting the cat!
Stop hitting the cat!
Don't cut the cake with a knife.
We wish you a pleasant flight.
We wish you a pleasant journey.
Let's continue where we left off yesterday.
It's a family secret.
It's a quarter to three.
She wants to learn to swim.
He wants to learn to swim.
I'm the one who has the key to the truck.
Be proud of yourself.
Be proud of yourself.
I needed help.
I needed money.
The meeting broke up at five.
Did you forget to buy eggs?
He has ten cows.
Marriage isn't a subject that interests young people.
Bear south until you reach the river.
Read my lips, no new taxes!
All agree with you.
We reached the station on time.
I advised her to come by 9:00.
The plate is dirty.
Tom was tired and fell into a heavy sleep.
Can I pay you tomorrow instead of today?
Tom hid his money in a bureau drawer.
That book is of no interest to me.
How much interest does it pay?
Does this interest you?
You're an awful hog.
Don't make so much noise.
Tom is interested in many things.
Don't make me wait long.
You punch like a girl.
I work at the post office.
Tom taught me how to play that song.
We all agree with you.
I have some news for you.
This was not funny.
He sometimes drops in on me.
My heart stopped beating.
I have an egg.
Give peace a chance.
She studies mathematics.
I felt very awkward.
White paint will brighten the room.
It's dark outside.
Tom pulled a piece of paper out of his pocket.
I wanted them to win.
I wanted them to win.
Now the only ones I really like are the Italian sisters, but they won't win.
She changed the subject.
They will be very glad.
Oh my God, it's my house!
Nobody is equal to this young woman in the field of music.
Can you teach me to fly?
I don't have a computer.
My wife thinks I'm crazy.
They caught up with us later.
Salt, please.
I am not used to drinking coffee without sugar.
Take my apples, boy, and sell them in the city.
I cleared the table.
Tom won't let you down.
Today is the tomorrow we worried about yesterday.
The space ship will get to the moon soon.
If it is seen from a spaceship, the earth looks blue.
How did you come by this painting?
How did you spend your vacation?
How did your speech go?
I didn't know that dogs swim well.
Iron is the most useful metal.
Many people do not trust the government.
We don't wash the dishes.
I don't forgive you.
The train made a brief stop.
I detest them.
I hate weddings.
And is it true that your Japanese girlfriend is called Tatoeba?
And is it true that your Japanese girlfriend is called Tatoeba?
No one was on board the ship.
Nobody knows why he turns down my help.
The space ship will get to the moon soon.
Did I interrupt something?
Yamamoto had one hundred sixty-two ships.
They continued eating as if nothing had happened.
My money has been stolen.
This rose is very beautiful.
We are awaiting your answer.
He was nearly run over by a car.
Tom checked his pants pockets.
Jim is not yet used to driving on the left side of the road.
I seem to have a temperature.
I seem to have a fever.
Boys, don't make any noise.
She's a powerful witch.
He's a powerful sorcerer.
I reached the summit of the mountain in exactly five hours.
They did not invite me to their wedding.
Tom will win this game.
Tom is the man of my dreams.
Tom is now hiding in the mountains.
I want to be treated with respect.
It's a small town.
Susie loves Japanese music.
Susie loves Japanese music.
Hey, where are you going?
Hey, where are you going?
Tom puts a lot of sugar and cream in his coffee.
Do you think Tom has put on weight?
Do we have any chance of winning?
Don't touch my bag.
Don't touch my bag.
I thought you'd be proud of me.
Was I wrong?
There's no proof.
Write down each word.
Write down each word.
He fought until the end.
He fought until the end.
America needs you.
I've never been fishing.
I didn't feel like buying a car.
How many cups of coffee did you drink?
How many cups of coffee did you drink?
How many glasses of juice did she drink?
How many oranges did Tom eat?
How many republics were there in the Soviet Union?
The ocean is dirty.
This room is used for various purposes.
This is no time for joking.
See how high you can jump.
You be the judge of that.
It was a long journey.
I'm no judge of art.
Where is the judge?
Today we'll study Charles Dickens.
Tom came to Japan to study Japanese.
The war with France was over.
How was your trip?
How was the trip?
I am the leader of this team.
She has a very quick mind.
Wait for me in the meeting room.
How long have you been learning English?
Do you have the latest version?
Do you have the latest version?
Seriously, people are so dumb.
You must be starving.
If it snowed in May, they would be surprised.
I wouldn't have worried about that.
My pants are too short.
I will have finished this task by next Friday.
This we can call a work of art.
She advised him not to use too much salt.
She was wearing a gown of satin.
The right word for this does not come to me.
I bought a new computer last month.
Close the window before you leave.
Tom is not a criminal.
Sex change operations are now tax-deductible.
The policeman is on duty.
I don't need you.
I can't write with this dull pencil.
It's very dark.
I've got no worries.
Spread your legs apart.
Spread your legs apart.
I can't change what happened yesterday.
Guess where I've been.
It frequently happens here.
You must stand up for it.
At least I stood up for it.
We're joking.
Excuse me, but might I use the phone?
Those tears are artificial.
You can't leave this room.
He explained to her that he came from the future.
Tom came from the future.
Tom changed the future.
Tom had nowhere to return to.
Tom had a whole world to discover.
He did not regret his decision.
Your jokes aren't funny.
She got married against her father's will.
In the end, he did not come.
We expected that we should have a warm January, but we hear that this winter is the coldest in twenty years.
Where's the rope?
The girls won.
The girls won.
He is suffering from loss of memory.
I believe it's my duty to protect these children.
This is not what I ordered.
Can I use your pen?
Please do not enter the room without knocking.
Mr White arrives in Tokyo at 10:30.
Compared to yours, my car is small.
How many pencils do you have?
Don't try to run away.
You'll find this map very useful.
It's twelve o'clock.
How much is this ring?
I would like an apple.
Without your help, I couldn't have done it.
I spoke after him.
Please buy a few apples.
Do you want to get married first or have a child first?
Do you want to get married first or have a child first?
Tom brought a cup of tea to me.
Tom brings his children with him to work once or twice a year.
Tom brews beer as a hobby.
He seldom writes to his father.
I made coffee.
I don't like to be kept waiting.
I don't like to drive.
I am online.
Do you like swimming?
I was born on January 2 in 1968.
I was born on January 2 in 1968.
Our dreams came true.
This bird can't fly.
Hey, look, a three-headed monkey!
He is greatly respected by his students.
We have no more sugar.
Describe that accident in detail.
Will you help me with the translation?
You'll find it under the kitchen stove.
Wait until all the facts in the case are known.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
My grandfather was a justice of the peace.
How much did you pay for the labor on this?
Did you hear a knock?
Could you knock down the price a couple of dollars?
I don't know when Tom will leave Japan.
How do I get to the library?
Why does nobody eat my potatoes?
While reading a book, I fell asleep.
While reading a book, I fell asleep.
I didn't have a choice.
I'm not talking to you. I'm talking to the monkey.
Mozart passed away 200 years ago.
I brought you another blanket.
I brought you another blanket.
And I'll put my two cents in as well.
I'm proud of you.
I do not want to waste the best years of my life for you.
I thank you.
I want to say "goodbye" and "thanks" in Esperanto. Can you help me?
I think that she's hiding something.
She hates her life.
He hates his life.
I can't wait for school to start.
I was struck by her beauty.
Tom swims very fast.
The cake tastes sweet.
He doesn't say what he thinks. He is hiding something.
We went to the park for a walk.
Please fill this bucket with water.
She is as thin as a broom stick.
Tom picked something up off the floor.
I know exactly what I'm doing.
How wide is this river?
Bring my hat.
I'm closing my store.
Tom needed attention.
New York is called the Big Apple.
Tom, don't die.
It's very fun.
She trusted you.
She trusted you.
Life goes on.
Suddenly, the captain abandoned the ship.
Suddenly, the captain left the ship.
Tom is boiling an egg.
Tom wrote an article for the school newspaper.
Please make your bed.
I prefer interesting movies.
How often do you go swimming?
You aren't crazy.
Where is the library?
I don't feel like dancing.
It was a beautiful wedding.
I trusted Tom.
I want to eat the cheese.
You are cruel.
Where were you on the night Tom was murdered?
She explained to me how to make a cake.
There were witnesses.
It is a lot of fun to drive a car.
You don't swim very well, do you?
There were no clouds today.
I need more space.
Better the devil you know than the devil you don't.
I'll make you a cup of tea.
Can I count on you?
Can I count on you?
This is a good learning environment.
I wasn't present at the meeting.
The man was dying.
I just can't help myself.
I just can't help worrying about you.
I just can't help worrying about you.
How was the math test?
The train was running at full speed.
I saw my sister tear up the letter.
Tom feeds his dog twice a day.
He doesn't have any proof.
He keeps his age a secret.
We don't need a visa to go to France.
Old people in supermarkets piss me off.
I hate to argue with you.
I hate to argue with you.
My grandfather lived a long life.
Throw the shovel!
It's back there somewhere, through the bog.
I hate this uniform.
He sells whisky.
Are you sick of me?
I fell asleep listening to music.
We do very good business.
He's helped me willingly.
I acted on his advice.
I addressed the letter to my aunt.
I don't trust them.
I don't need them.
I don't worry about them.
Yes, as far as I know.
I just wanted to let you know I have a date.
I've been waiting for almost half an hour.
I have been waiting for almost half an hour.
Mr Ou has come to Japan to study Japanese.
Please support Lojban!
What's your favorite winter sport?
What's your favorite winter sport?
What's your favorite winter sport?
I fully agree with you.
I agree with you on this point.
I agree with you to some extent.
I never should've trusted Tom.
What are you going to do after you leave school?
You think I'm an idiot?
Mum's the word.
Mum's the word.
It's time to go to bed.
I'm not going to die.
The best defense is a good offense.
They defended weak people.
Get your shit together!
There's no doubt that Tom is lying about it.
I find that life in the country is pleasant.
Did you lock up the house before we left?
I enjoy looking at old family pictures.
There's a lovely view from the bridge.
The temperature is very low today.
Where can I buy lumber and nails?
It was merely a matter of luck.
Tom paid for it in a lump sum.
The hill looks low from here.
Do you have a license?
I need a long rope.
Give me a light.
Don't lie on the damp grass.
Put the car in low to climb the hill.
Lock the dog in the kitchen.
Do you want to spend the rest of your life alone?
Do you want to spend the rest of your life alone?
She has many valuable books.
The possibilities are endless.
Tom didn't remember where he'd put his passport.
Breakfast is the most important meal of the day.
That's fantastic!
May I switch on the light?
May I switch on the light?
Those countries have maintained peace for twenty years.
We can make our destination by evening.
Tom promised to send the check by mail.
Tom must be mad to take such a chance.
We had a lot of fun at the dance.
Are they willing to make peace?
Everything Tom says is a lie.
Don't make me do that.
Tom drove like mad.
Two men began to fight on the street at night.
Two men began to fight on the street at night.
Tom rarely makes a mistake.
We had a lot of fun at the dance.
Everyone was killed.
The hat is yours.
The hat is yours.
It's not his style.
It's not her style.
It's not his style.
It's not her style.
It's not your style.
I continued reading.
I'm not a crook.
I cooked dinner for him.
I cooked him dinner.
I cooked dinner for her.
Today is Saturday, September 28.
She cooked me dinner.
Tom died alone.
I missed the last two lessons.
You think I'm stupid?
Do you think I'm silly?
I felt like an idiot.
They are proud of their bridge.
The apple fell!
Don't listen to me, I'm just kidding.
Tom has already fallen asleep.
There's a secret passage.
Don't ask questions, just come with me.
Don't ask questions, just come with me.
I'm sorry! "It's nothing. Don't worry."
We are collecting sentences and their translations in other languages.
The Cold War continued.
You are a living legend.
I want details.
I want details.
I am afraid of bears.
Was Tom killed?
Sylvia loved concerts.
Is Tom aboard that ship?
We must abandon ship.
Bring your cup to the kitchen.
Who does the gun belong to?
I am far from pleased with your behavior.
I tried calling, but they didn't answer.
Do you trust him?
Do you trust him?
I can teach you something.
Everything that I say is a lie. And that's the truth.
They don't create any problem because they are in five floors up.
I am going to a concert next week.
I am going to apply for a visa today.
I am going to take two days off next week.
What does it contain?
I told her to quickly finish the report.
You don't mind, do you? "Of course I don't."
My meeting her was purely accidental.
My sister played the leading character.
Grab this.
Grab this.
Grab this.
Grab this.
I'm sorry, but I don't have any small change.
Iron is a very useful metal.
He didn't like her at first.
Tom hid behind the tree.
What do you advise me to do?
Someday your dream will come true.
She glows with happiness.
I don't have a dime on me.
I'm interested in history.
I'm leaving town for a few days.
What a strange dog!
Computers are better than us.
They've been arrested.
You can't miss our house if you follow this street.
Tom was absolutely miserable when his dog ran away.
Tom is by no means sure of winning the election.
Can you manage those packages by yourself?
Tom makes mistakes, but he means well.
We'll have to take strong measures.
I'm not joking. I really mean it.
Where's the men's room?
I can manage, thanks.
I was born in May.
Push the button, please.
I cannot make noise. The baby is sleeping.
Don't worry. She knows what she's doing.
Don't worry. She knows what she's doing.
Don't worry. He knows what he's doing.
Don't worry. He knows what he's doing.
The doctor advised that she stay at home.
I am going to swim a lot this summer.
I smell gas.
You can use that phone.
He spends too much money.
This letter bears a foreign stamp.
He was pleased to hear the news.
Do you see a ship on the horizon?
Can you swim underwater?
He did it out of curiosity.
Tom told me his secret.
She had planted roses before he came.
She has planted a rose.
She'll plant roses in a week.
She will have planted roses tomorrow by 3 o'clock.
I'm not used to making speeches in public.
I am not accustomed to walking long distances.
I'm not in.
I'm just joking.
He hated lying.
I want to find out who did this.
May comes after April.
May comes after April.
I want you to remember this moment.
I want you to remember this moment.
Nobody has ever asked such a question before.
You must take advantage of the opportunity.
Tom decided to start a business.
Access to the mountaintop is difficult.
She picked me an apple.
Remove your hat.
I'm buying.
What time does the store open?
I do not agree with you at all.
I lay down to rest.
We were absent.
Tom was absent.
I'm proud of my school.
Why do you look so sad today?
I don't trust anybody.
Don't trust anybody.
Don't trust anybody.
He failed to follow our advice.
You need a new hat.
You must be mistaken.
Tom is in need of a vacation.
There must be some mistake.
The needle is pointing toward the north.
Now you've got me all mixed up.
How nice to see you again, Tom.
I can swim very fast.
These trousers are dirty.
Tom was watching what was happening very carefully.
Fred went so far as to say that he had hated me.
Tom is a communist.
Remember these rules.
Don't ask questions.
The math teacher explained the concept of partial differentiation.
Why do we die?
Don't worry. I'm not going to tell the police.
All animals are equal.
The sun disappeared behind the clouds.
I grew up in a little town.
He grew up in a small town.
She grew up in a small town.
The slave tried to escape.
She's leaving the country in six months.
They should thank me.
Tom eats alone in front of his computer.
I fought against sleep.
We all went in search of gold.
They ran upstairs.
I prefer coffee.
Which part of the word "no" do you not understand?
It won't be necessary, I think.
I'm sure that won't be necessary.
I'm sure that won't be necessary.
Many young people in Japan eat bread for breakfast.
He gave me a hug.
Is breakfast included in the price?
Does the price include breakfast?
Please bring me a cup of tea.
A prisoner escaped from the prison.
Please sign here.
His anger is understandable.
Her anger is understandable.
My wife likes to eat out, so she doesn't have to cook.
Do you know the dialling code?
Don't talk about it in my mother's presence.
How big is your dog? Mine is small.
I have a cow.
Tom is a coward.
In contrast with you, I am able to recognize my mistakes.
This radio is out of order.
The concert ticket costs more than the cinema ticket.
We have good news.
I felt very awkward.
There were a lot of people at the concert.
There were a lot of people at the concert.
When will he be freed?
Take me home.
The sun sank slowly below the horizon.
He was eager to return to school in September.
I made coffee.
I made dinner.
This picture reminds me of my childhood.
I arrived in London.
I arrived too early.
Summer isn't over yet!
When will they open the meeting?
When do you start on your trip?
They kept the information about the military operations a secret.
That's an open secret.
Put it on ice.
Is the park open to the public?
Is the gas turned on?
I don't like this hat. I prefer the gray one.
Do you sell on credit?
Do you have your coat on?
Since there wasn't any more room at the table, I had to eat standing up.
She likes all kinds of sports.
We can't trust Tom anymore.
Tom will never love you.
Do not drink on an empty stomach.
Do not drink on an empty stomach.
Angela is not an angel.
Angela is not an angel.
I think he has something to do with that scandal.
I asked her out.
I asked my mother if breakfast was ready.
You did this intentionally!
These roses are beautiful.
This spoon is for tea.
This spoon is for soup.
The government of Mexico refused to negotiate.
Are you interested in that girl?
I am afraid he will make a mistake.
Follow my advice.
Follow my advice.
I didn't earn this.
There were fifty passengers on the plane.
She could not swim.
I promise I will protect you.
Apples are usually green, yellow, or red.
This is a big opportunity for you to show what you can do.
You should go in the opposite direction.
Try to put these papers in order.
We have ten cows.
Tom never even opened the book.
The nets were loaded with fish.
June is still three months off.
Do you have any new potatoes?
They netted a good profit.
Is this official business?
Tom gets on my nerves.
There's almost no water in the bucket.
I don't know how to thank you.
I've got proof.
I would not want to be in your shoes.
What prevented you from coming yesterday?
In Soviet Russia, radio listens to the listener!
In Soviet Russia, radio listens to the listener!
Can you teach me?
You’ll be killed!
Tom is getting on my nerves.
I hate holidays.
I think Tom is finally asleep.
I think Tom is dying.
I think Tom is asleep.
I hate secrets.
I hate this.
When do we leave?
She asked him some questions.
Tom says that Mary definitely wanted to go with us, so we should wait.
He opened his mouth wide.
You were wrong.
I don't trust you.
I respect you for what you have done.
I was in terrible pain.
But for the safety belt, I wouldn't be alive today.
He gave me mouth to mouth and saved my life.
She gave me mouth to mouth and saved my life.
I thank you on behalf of my son.
Leave me alone! I hate you!
Leave me alone! I hate you!
Tom arrived on time.
The sisters hate each other.
You are exactly like your mother.
You are exactly like your father.
Tom is not a communist.
Yes, a little bit.
Melanie is eating an apple.
I borrowed three books from the library.
I bought a red tie.
Tom sat on the bench smoking.
I'm getting married to her in June.
May I cut in?
You will pay for this!
Do you want to see your room?
I think you were wrong.
I think you were wrong.
I think you were wrong.
Don't touch.
Fatherland or death, we shall overcome.
Bill often goes to the park.
What do you want for breakfast?
I do not agree.
I helped an old lady across.
They made her marry him.
I fractured my arm.
I borrow books from the city library.
A lie has no legs.
A danger foreseen is a danger avoided.
That's not my style.
It's not your style.
I'm sure your father is very proud of you.
I came to the conclusion that I had been deceived.
I came to Tokyo to attend a conference.
I can afford neither the time nor the money for a trip.
I can barely swim.
He's leaving for Leningrad tonight.
The dog is eating an apple.
He's lived there all his life.
If you act like that, he'll think you hate him.
If you act like that, he'll think you hate him.
Tom hasn't seen Mary for more than a year.
My mother seldom watches TV at night.
Don't come into my room without knocking.
He chose three beautiful roses for her.
No, it's not necessary.
I can walk to school in half an hour.
The street leading to the hotel is narrow.
There's a park near my house.
She pointed her finger at him.
Ken studies not only English but French.
Ken studies not only English but French.
If you don't do what I tell you to do, I can't be responsible for the consequences.
His shirt was gray and the tie was yellow.
The old woman climbed the stairs with difficulty.
I danced.
I danced.
We will fight to the last.
We have no proof.
Tom took the ring off his finger.
I don't dance.
I can't do without a coat in the winter.
Don't worry. We're safe here.
Don't worry. We're safe here.
She looks unhappy.
Does that window open?
I haven't traveled much in these parts for a long time.
I'm willing to offer three hundred dollars for it.
There are three hundred pages in this book.
I want to buy a pack of cigarettes.
Have you packed your trunk yet?
Have you packed your books yet?
Tom played his part very well.
My profits were just on paper.
We are all out of cigarettes.
That story is a pack of lies.
Where's the morning paper?
May I look the house over?
The day is coming to an end.
Don't complain.
We are faced with a difficult choice.
I own some very old stamps.
Tom didn't find anyone who met the requirements.
Tom didn't find anyone who met the requirements.
That's a sort of exploration challenge.
Tom made a promise to come home early tonight.
Have you read today's paper yet?
Tom was out all day.
Did I fall asleep?
Don't worry, mom. I'll be alright!
Did I win?
Did I win?
I won!
I won!
I broke my arm.
I have a little time for reading these days.
I spent hours reading books.
Thanks for waiting.
Thank you for waiting.
Thank you for waiting.
I can't make an exception.
She was advised by him to stop smoking.
Peel the apple before you eat it.
Tom hates me.
She remarried soon.
The mother gave the girl a ring.
Tom is a truck driver.
Tom is a truck driver.
He often changes his mind.
She stole my clothes!
Is there still any sugar?
Remember!
Remember!
Remember this!
The conference will take place in Tokyo.
You had better take her advice.
What did you learn?
What did you learn?
This is a cave.
How old was she when she got married?
How old was she when she got married?
Who hates you?
He's already drunk three cups of coffee.
I tried to guess her age.
Let me give you a hug.
Leave a message.
Leave a message.
Give me a kiss.
That's not necessary.
I can't wait for Valentine's Day!
I'm not going to argue with you.
I'm not going to argue with you.
I'm leaving today.
I'm going to tell you a secret.
I'm going to tell you a secret.
I'm going to tell you a secret.
I'm going to tell you a secret.
I want you to tell me about your trip.
I want you to tell me about your trip.
I want you to help me get out of here.
I want you to help me get out of here.
I want to ask you one simple question.
I want to ask you one simple question.
You want to get out of here, don't you?
You want to get out of here, don't you?
They're idiots.
It's dark.
Are all the passengers aboard?
It's time for bed.
The name of the game is "Find ten differences".
I don't know how to thank you.
I disagree with you.
Computers are like cats: totally unpredictable.
Can he fulfill his dream?
I want to make sure you are who you say you are.
I want to make sure you are who you say you are.
I want to make sure you are who you say you are.
I want to make sure you are who you say you are.
I thought you'd been killed. I'm glad I was wrong.
I thought you'd been killed. I'm glad I was wrong.
That hotel is very near the lake.
Are you suggesting another theory?
Are you suggesting another theory?
Are you suggesting another theory?
They argued that the earth is round.
I clapped my hands.
I see you've got a new hat.
Tom didn't wear a tie to work today.
They went out of sight at last.
You go ahead, Tom. I'll catch up soon.
I know you could always be relied on.
It wasn't an accident.
You should return all the library books before the end of the year.
He left his hometown at the age of fifteen never to return.
Ah, we have run short of sugar.
Ah, we have run short of sugar.
Finally one useful suggestion!
You didn't say the magic word.
My boy, this peace is what all true warriors strive for!
You've got to be kidding!
You've got to be kidding!
Upon seeing the snake under my feet, José whispered, "Don't move."
Tom doesn't want us to leave.
I can teach you how to swim.
If you had asked me to marry you, I would have said yes.
She ate one apple.
Why are you so sad?
Why are you so sad?
He buys us newspapers.
I have a lot of pencils.
She removed the dishes from the table.
She removed the dishes from the table.
This coat fits me well.
This coat fits me very well.
You're the only person I trust.
Tom boarded the plane.
Smiling sadly, she began to talk.
Get out of here!
This is a crazy house.
Stop. It's not funny anymore.
You have no new messages.
My mother told me to clean the room.
At times I feel sad.
I tricked you.
Let's start with the good news.
Tom is a professional killer.
I've got some bad news for you.
Remember to meet me at the station.
Your book has changed my life.
Your book has changed my life.
Anybody can participate.
There's no urgency.
Even when I was a child, I was able to swim well.
Have you prepared everything for tomorrow?
She sat reading a book.
People make mistakes.
Big changes are coming.
The leaves of the trees in the garden have turned completely red.
Which color do you prefer, blue or green?
Hey, you there!
You're the only person I trust.
You're the only person I trust.
You're the only person I trust.
I think you'll change your mind.
I have enjoyed talking to you.
I play trumpet in the school band.
Did you sign?
Did you sign?
He had a shower before breakfast.
You want to come with me to the concert?
That shirt doesn't go with the pants.
I couldn't fall asleep.
I did smoke when I was young.
I don't want to get married.
Tom pushed one of the buttons.
I will have to be away for some time.
They need him.
I've never met a woman as stupid as you.
Spring has passed and summer starts.
I think you're making a big mistake.
I'd like you to help me gather some firewood.
Often the fear of one evil leads us into a worse.
So, who won the Italian elections?
What time do you go to sleep Saturday night?
You are a good boy.
I've got nowhere to go.
Where did you pluck them?
Tell me all about your plan.
I didn't mean to give that impression.
Tom is planning to redecorate his bedroom.
He doesn't have enough money to travel.
If I go, you'll be all alone.
He is adequate for the post.
They were scared.
I haven't the faintest idea.
If you turn to the left, you will find the church on your right.
I bought a book about animals.
She is in bed with a cold.
I doubt Tom will agree to that.
I am Jesus, whom you are persecuting.
They oppose the plan to raise taxes.
I was hoping you'd consider working for us.
I was hoping you'd consider working for us.
I just bought the latest version of this MP3 player.
There's been an accident.
April is the fourth month of the year.
It was a stupid idea.
Tom is fishing on the river.
There is a full moon tonight.
France had signed a secret treaty with Spain.
France had signed a secret treaty with Spain.
Is it true that you were absent yesterday?
Look to the left and right before crossing the street.
I was a science teacher.
Where's my lunch?
He cheated on me.
I can't bear it.
She was brought to tears.
He was brought to tears.
I didn't need your help.
I didn't want to go to your wedding.
I didn't realize Tom was such a close friend of yours.
Tom has never been able to keep up with the other students.
Tom paused for a moment before continuing with the story.
Pay attention to details, and you'll get along all right.
Two or three other people have asked me that question.
In the past, it's been very difficult to get tickets.
Tom owns a small piece of land in the country.
The men were working with picks and shovels.
I don't have the physical strength to move.
The train will pick up speed in a minute.
In peacetime, we worked five days a week.
I'll take care of the matter personally.
Write your name on this piece of paper.
Tom asked too many personal questions.
The bus stopped to pick up passengers.
My whole family perished in the fire.
Tom did it perfectly the first time.
I wouldn't permit such familiarity.
Which party won the last election?
How much did you pay for your car?
I got permission to leave early.
Did you pass your examination?
When are we going to be paid?
There's a leak in that pipe.
Tom pays his debts promptly.
Please pick up the papers.
I picked out the gray hat.
She listened to me.
Luke, I am your father.
Luke, I am your son.
That’s his fiancée.
He gave her a kiss.
She kissed him.
She watched him dance.
Thanks!
One minute earlier, and they could have caught the bus.
I'll tell you when we get there.
What do you usually eat for breakfast?
I hate my neighbor.
Politics didn't interest him.
I've got no choice.
The treatment of the female sex has varied considerably in different ages and countries.
Did you see that small mouse?
I don't want to learn your language.
I leave in an hour.
Deal?
I want to study math.
This isn't blood. It's just red paint.
I want to change that.
The meeting started at 2:30 and ended at 5:00.
I don't believe in luck.
She went to Italy to study literature.
Tom made quite a lot of money in his twenties.
I'm sure you're wrong.
I'm sure you're wrong.
He went from Tokyo to Osaka by plane.
Does this sound stupid?
Has Tom become crazy?
There's too much sugar in the coffee.
He likes to be surrounded by youth.
Come on inside.
For a thief, all roads lead to prison.
I wonder where he is hiding.
I don't think that Tom was hiding.
He speaks five languages.
Tom doesn't live in the basement.
The hill was all covered with snow.
I can deal with it.
I can handle it.
Tom is trustworthy.
She displayed her talents.
She is living an unhappy life.
Tom is special.
Don't worry. He's not my boyfriend. He's just a friend.
Dad, buy me a gun!
The ring is cursed.
I'm going upstairs.
The palace has a tall tower.
She left here long before you arrived.
I can't buy that car - it costs an arm and a leg.
Tom says he has nothing to hide.
This is reality.
I couldn't get my car started.
Don't be ridiculous!
She tried to discombobulate me.
She continued with the work.
She promised me that she'd come.
Tom has made his choice.
It's already November, but it hasn't snowed yet.
Is Tom young?
There was a fine scent in the room.
I'm depending on your help.
Isn't that awful?
I have been asked by a reader about free and direct translations.
She traveled all over Europe last month.
Don't make such a noise!
Don't make such a noise!
Don't cross the road while the signal is red.
May I go to the river?
It's unlikely she's that stupid.
Tom trusted them.
Put the words in alphabetical order.
He rarely goes to the movies.
We're interested only in the facts.
It was a cry of despair.
They tried to eradicate my culture.
Is that so terrible?
How fast he swims!
I'm sure you'll be able to do the job.
I'm sure you'll be able to do the job.
I don't trust beautiful women.
I told you I don't want your help.
Mike came back from the library at five.
I have decided to retire.
He was terribly poor when he was young.
The road descends slowly.
The child pointed out her mother to me.
She's the perfect housewife.
I send letters almost every day.
She told him that she was sad.
Who's the captain of this ship?
He ran away when he saw me.
I almost got hit by a truck.
I'll call you if I require your assistance.
Life will teach you everything.
This is Tom, my colleague.
Are we in the same hotel?
We rested on some stones.
It's a very sad story.
You kissed him, didn't you?
Guess what!
Don't worry, you did well.
He kissed me in front of everyone.
Where did he kiss you? "On my lips."
Did you kiss him back?
Do you mind if I sit here?
My room is a little small, but comfortable.
Old age turns hair gray.
Every language is equally precious and valuable to its speakers.
They are sensible girls.
You are working too hard. Take it easy for a while.
You can drive a car, can't you?
What do you want to do in the future?
Someone stole my money.
She can ask questions and answer them.
You'd better go to see your family doctor at once.
I'll try my luck.
How hot is it?
According to your story, Tom left this bakery around 7 o'clock.
It seems that something is wrong with the computer.
She smiled sadly.
All your problems are concentrated in your heart, so you just need to examine yourself.
To live is to struggle.
Evil is not eternal.
Shew me thy face, let thy voice sound in my ears: for thy voice is sweet, and thy face comely.
Everyone is here except for him.
She wrote down what he said.
The doctor advised me to quit smoking.
She cares about your safety.
It's a lot of fun to learn Esperanto.
I'll act on your advice.
What is the exchange rate?
He said that he hated me but needed my help.
Why don't you ever take me with you on your trips?
Some fish fly.
Tom sends his regards from the other side.
He is a mathematical genius.
This child's behaviour is just terrible.
This is all I can teach you.
Thousands of people died of hunger.
He's so rude. I can't put up with his bad manners.
In fact, it's a mistake.
This island is a paradise for children.
I gave him much trouble.
She wants to know how she can gain weight.
Tom doesn't pay attention to details.
We were all present at the conference.
I think it's time for me to go to bed.
You'll get tired.
You'll get tired.
I'd like to reserve a table for four at six.
My mother prepared our lunch.
This is an egg.
Man will not cry in public.
Tom is the only witness to the crime.
I may have hurt your feelings, but such was not my intention.
The man standing over there is Mr Smith.
Even monkeys fall from trees.
What time does the next train leave for Tokyo?
One of the lions has escaped.
Yes, I met her in the library yesterday.
The ships reached port.
I need a spoon, a fork, and a knife. Thank you.
When did the war end?
I have to win.
Wikipedia opens again!
It's a family heirloom.
It was dark and cold in the room.
I have a slight fever.
I have a little fever.
I failed the exam.
I pressed the button to turn the radio on.
I'm not able to swim.
I often stay up all night.
These birds don’t fly well but they are excellent runners.
All Americans have to pay their taxes.
I'm taking an exam in January.
That's dumb.
I don't need you any more.
Grow some balls.
A blind man shouldn't play cards.
As soon as she hugged him, he felt a severe pain.
Who said I had a gun?
Do you like IKEA furniture?
Take your father a cup of coffee.
This medicine tastes horrible.
But the sad things don't go away. They never do. Why is that so?
I never worry.
Take either of the apples.
I have to answer the phone.
We're special.
Did you hear the lion roar?
Tom never forgets to give his wife flowers on their wedding anniversary.
Tatoeba always needs more sentences!
He barfed as much as he had drunk.
We can consider the problem from several standpoints.
I had forgotten all about today's meeting. I'm glad you reminded me.
The ice on the lake is too thin to bear your weight.
The cargo was too heavy. The driver couldn't take it.
I'm not going to change my mind.
Is it OK to eat this mushroom? "It's OK to eat anything once."
I paid two hundred dollars in taxes.
They lived a couple of years in Spain.
I can't pay Tom today.
Don't use Google Translate to learn phrases in another language because it's not always accurate.
He lowered his head and began crying.
I only buy fresh vegetables, not frozen.
The monkey came down.
I have to earn some money so that I can afford a computer.
Did the concert go well?
Let's go to the mall.
They decided to marry.
They decided to marry.
Nevertheless, she took off her coat and seemed ready for a short conversation.
Frederick Chopin created his first musical composition when he was seven.
He's in the other truck.
That doesn't mean that the danger has passed.
I'd like to take a small trip this weekend.
At least I would not be alone.
Somebody stole my car.
Tom is always joking.
I want to plant a vegetable garden.
He risked his life for it.
I turned on the radio.
He is studying English, but he is also studying German.
She is busy with the care of her children.
He rambled hither and thither.
Is he the owner of that car?
The doctors tell you that your brother will never wake up again.
We didn't notice our passing youth.
You can't escape from me.
I'm going to study French with a friend of mine.
None of these eggs are fresh.
It was insanely hot inside the bus.
You should prepare a room for the visitor.
That gave me a lot of pleasure.
Tom burst into a rage.
Had it not been for the money, we would not have succeeded.
What makes you so displeased?
I've come to depend on you.
I owe it to you that I am still alive.
A large ship appeared on the horizon.
Where do I get off?
She was named Bennett before her wedding.
Tom got on the elevator and pressed the button for the third floor.
Iris, what do you usually eat for breakfast?
I searched for a book with many pictures.
They celebrated Sandra's success in getting a promotion.
Kate checked the tasks off of her to-do list.
What rate of exchange is today?
I asked my aunt to tell the stories of her travels.
Mr Hashimoto is known to everyone.
I need to ask you for a little favor.
He lived a long life.
How much time does she need to translate this book?
She went to the library.
Remove your hat when you go inside.
Wake me up tomorrow at six, please.
What are you doing on the balcony?
Thanks for your message.
People don't buy milk from this store.
On an average, I go to the movies twice a month.
Let's go fishing.
Emily asked me a question.
Look at that drawing.
They must be worried.
They hate each other.
It was your choice.
I like coffee better than tea.
I followed her into the room.
What a long flight!
Are you an American?
The American Civil War is the central theme of the book.
Who's complaining?
I work for public welfare.
She arrested me.
Unless there is reliable evidence for it, we should not believe anything.
I like what you've written, and I completely agree with you.
An apple fell to the ground.
My grandmother can fly.
He's a true legend.
The word is no longer in use.
The girls laughed loudly.
Hey, Tom, are you here?
Do you agree with this?
Tom has gone upstairs.
We had no choice.
We had no other choice.
We need your signature.
Tom headed for the exit.
Were you at the concert?
What's in the briefcase?
I hope you're joking.
This is for your own good.
I'm proud to be a Quebecker.
I warned you.
I warned you.
I warned you.
I warned you.
The supermarket opens at ten o'clock.
I think my suitcase was stolen.
Are you ready to order?
Have you ordered?
Have you ordered?
Have you ordered?
It was our secret.
She bought a coat.
He held a session.
How long does it take to get to the Hilton hotel from here?
She misled the students.
Let him not doubt my words. They're true.
Aebat, without saying goodbye, stepped through the gate.
She looked at her cell phone and noticed that it was already a quarter till two.
Everyone makes that mistake.
Could you make an exception?
He is abrupt, but is, in fact, a good-natured person.
Oh, I'm a total idiot!
All of us went except for him.
He didn't allow me to pay the bill for the dinner.
You are equal to him in intelligence.
I doubt he is qualified enough to manage such a team!
She has asked the person at the front desk to connect her to that number.
They're eating the apples.
The bear is eating an apple.
Their wedding is tomorrow.
She disassembled a TV set.
Our dog was nearly run over by a car.
His speech made a deep impression on the students.
I'll help you pack.
I'll help you pack.
I'll give you one last chance.
We need to hide the corpse.
There's nothing to be worried about.
You are not an idiot!
You look sad.
She shot down a helicopter.
She showed a picture.
She stepped on a mushroom.
I don't even have time to read.
Last night, I listened to radio.
They're amazing.
They're unbelievable.
They come from the south of France.
Someone cut the rope.
There's someone hiding in the closet.
I still think Tom is wrong.
I want to change the world.
Tom trusts her.
His temperature is normal.
The hero died at the end of the book.
Never trust Tom.
Never trust Tom.
I was absent last Tuesday on account of illness.
Tom shouldn't talk so much.
We won't discuss our plans with you.
Do as you think fit.
Do as you think fit.
One of the windows was broken.
Try not to think about it.
If you change a sentence that already has some translations, please warn the authors of the translations about it.
You wrote a splendid text. There is no doubt that you have the heart of a poet and a great talent.
You've won!
You've won!
You've won!
You've won!
Something is wrong with the engine of this car.
Tom can't drive a car.
It's so good to take a rest after a long voyage.
He worries about his mother's health.
Try to get some rest.
Do not venture to come out of your homes.
Saskaviy has learned how to create a web page.
The native language is now used on many web-sites.
For 32 years, I've been living in suffering!
For how many hours can you sit in front of the computer?
She loves to dance.
Italy's country code is 39.
Can I turn on the radio?
I can't pass the test.
We're following a narrow road.
We ask that you don't smoke in the station.
Country life is healthier than city life.
I will do it according to your instructions.
Leave town.
More and more people have computers in their home.
When does the restaurant open?
You've got a lot of guts.
How can you say such nonsense?
Show me your passport, please.
He apparently dates a Japanese girl called Tatoeba.
No Japanese girl is called Tatoeba.
I don't have an ear for music.
We can't keep this a secret forever.
I can drive.
Unfortunately, that is the truth.
Tom refuses to work.
There are five apples in the box.
Tom disagreed.
Why did you kiss me in the darkness?
I don't remember getting paid for the work.
I asked her if he liked Chinese food.
It rarely snows here.
There are also some children who don't like apples.
What about a tour together?
He's made up his mind and refuses to change it.
The trouble with fiction... is that it makes too much sense. Reality never makes sense.
I love hiking.
There's only a small difference between "schwül" (humid) and "schwul" (gay).
That is the essence of the matter.
He had but one desire: to shrink away and live among the lights and shadows.
Now, get off the boat and swim to shore.
The air is soft, the soil moist.
Winds from the sea are moist.
So let me sit next to you, it's pleasant to have a rest together.
The tourists wandered around the stores.
I've been wandering around.
I think it's time for me to shove off.
We discovered a secret passageway leading to the catacombs.
They fled through a secret passageway.
Who is that girl waving to you?
Never keep a lady waiting.
I've lived most of my life in the plains where trees and hills are scarce.
Our team made thirty points in the first half of the game.
The bad weather prevented our ship from arriving on time.
All the members of the club were present at the meeting.
If you don't keep quiet I'll punch you in the nose.
Pass your plate and I'll give you some more meat.
Nothing can take the place of an old friend.
I don't agree with their present policy.
Do you intend to pursue your education?
The plane has hit several air pockets.
The new park is the pride of our city.
Press the button and see what happens.
Point out the place you told me about.
I don't have any pity for such a fool.
What's the punishment for this crime?
This is hardly the place for dancing.
They presented Tom with a gold watch.
Tom is putting his affairs in order.
We have a very small, plain house.
This book is ready to go to press.
Tom played a joke on his friend.
Put down your name and address.
I have to put the kids to bed.
You'd better not plan on it.
We had a pleasant ride home.
Wait till I put on my coat.
Let's presume you're right.
You'll be very sorry.
He stole money from me.
I learned a new trick.
I learned a new trick.
I learned a new technique.
I learned a new technique.
I learned quite a bit.
I learned quite a bit.
Strike his name from the list.
Hello, it's me. Could you come pick me up at the station?
You'll learn in time that a stitch in time saves nine.
Her child was snatched away from her.
She had her bag snatched.
This theory is too difficult for me to comprehend.
He could not comprehend the value of her advice.
I doubt Tom can comprehend what we're talking about.
I always buy a top quality product even if it is slightly more expensive.
The sailors perished in the sea.
I am your only hope, captain. If you don't do as I say, you and your crew will perish.
The ship vanished over the horizon.
I'm studying economics at university.
He was cheated.
Nobody I know got killed in South Central L.A.
I have a sore throat and runny nose.
I usually got to bed about eleven.
I've been waiting for almost half an hour.
I think that's horrible.
It's in the closet.
To find the answer to this question, I went to the city library.
I did it on purpose.
He did that on purpose.
I've made a mistake.
It's difficult to teach people what they are unwilling to learn.
Tom is asking permission.
Tom is asking permission.
Tom is asking questions.
Tom is awfully calm.
There are theatres, museums, libraries and parks in that city.
We omitted it on purpose.
I've made a mistake.
Tom pointed at the restaurant across the street.
Life experience is the chief body of knowledge.
Please knock before entering.
I have a slight fever today.
In each of us there lives the fiery soul of a warrior.
The author has a good style.
She married an American.
Either she's really doing well, or she can hide everything behind a smile.
I may be old, but I'm not crazy.
I hate my job sometimes.
I hate math.
Don't ask so many questions.
Don't ask so many questions.
How can you be so cruel?
How can you be so cruel?
How can you be so cruel?
How can you be so cruel?
I have lived in Kamakura for twelve years.
I'm selling my car.
May I use this pen?
Be on time.
Be on time.
We won't need it.
The girl who gave me beautiful flowers was your sister.
The forest is teeming with monkeys.
Treat others the way you'd like to be treated.
He is of royal blood.
Which is more complete, the first edition or the second?
Yes, he shaved all the frets off of his bass guitar, but it doesn't make him Jaco Pastorius.
There will be serious consequences.
Do you know of a dish that has laurel leaves in it?
Tom nodded politely.
Suddenly, the silence was broken by a loud explosion.
You'd be perfect for that.
Women are all the same.
Tom nodded thoughtfully.
Why would Tom have been here?
Why is Tom special?
Why is that so funny?
Why go to all this trouble?
What's the upside to that?
What's got you so bothered?
We're all agreed on that.
We're in serious trouble.
We've never discussed it.
What are they discussing?
You need to face reality.
When does the next train leave?
Who broke the window? He did.
Tom must be at least thirty years old.
At the present time, that statement cannot be made definitively.
Celestial Wives of the Meadow Mari is a very good movie.
I used to listen to the radio very late at night.
It's so easy for Americans to say "I love you" and it's impossible to do this in Chinese.
Watch your language.
Watch your language.
Tom named his dog Rex.
I am not sure of winning the game this time.
The doctor advised him to give up smoking.
Everything is in the hands of God.
Lightning can be dangerous.
Thanks for your explanation. It helps to understand the sentence correctly.
Your plan sounds great.
Burn this letter after you finish reading it.
Whatever happens, he won't change his mind.
I have no leisure for reading.
I have no leisure for reading.
What do you usually eat for breakfast?
Tom has been studying French for three years.
That is the height of foolishness.
Fight like a man!
I paid 3 dollars for the book.
The villagers were offhand with us.
You lack imagination.
You have no imagination.
You have no imagination.
He is not a man to be trifled with.
I'm learning how to drive.
I'm learning how to drive.
What made him leave his home and run away late at night?
I don't find that funny.
I don't find that helpful.
I don't get many visitors.
I was hardly able to see him.
He became world-famous for his discovery.
I can dance.
You are too young to marry.
You are too young to marry.
For a pillow like this all men do yearn but that - quite frankly - is not my concern.
Tom swims well.
Wings to the bird, mind to the human.
I hate snow!
There was no need to worry.
There was no need to worry.
The sun shone brightly.
I tried to change her mind, but I couldn't.
Jim is learning how to drive a car.
I've finally learned how to roll my R's!
It was a violent crime.
I think it's unlikely that the next version of Windows will come out before the end of this month.
Tom barely studied for the exam.
A long queue had formed in front of the shop.
I have responsibilities.
That's the truth.
We can depend on her to help us.
Don't touch me, you pig!
Tom is lucky.
Always keep the faith.
I told you it was a waste of time.
There is little possibility that she will be elected.
I'm not making myself clear, am I?
I had my watch stolen last night.
Thanks for your message.
I seldom make mistakes.
We are all equal.
We are all equal.
Why are people so cruel?
I can't wait to see you guys again in March.
We'll do it, but only after the show. And now we have to answer the guy's questions.
John died unhappy.
Why do bad things happen?
Today's March 27th.
Hey, you! "Yes?" "See this piece of shit here?" "Yes." "Do I owe him money?" "Yes!" "...Screw you!" "Yes..."
Tom lit a match.
Tom fell asleep at the wheel.
She has bought a new computer.
Thank you for telling me what you hate. Now it has become easier to fight you.
There are many black cats hiding under the bed.
I hate travelling by subway.
I admire the college too.
How many rooms are there in this hotel?
How much wine should I buy?
How much more wine should I buy?
How much time are you planning on being at the library?
How much money did Tom make last year?
How much do you think Tom needs?
A killer's killer is still a killer!
It doesn't matter whether the cat is black or white as long as it catches mice.
Nobody supported her.
How many apples do you have?
The rumor soon went about.
I think we can handle it.
The room was lit by a single candle.
Tom thinks it's a waste of time.
I think it's a waste of time.
He thinks it's a waste of time.
She thinks it's a waste of time.
The teacher didn't give us any homework.
In conclusion, the next step is to decide what we should do for the next step.
This new project in Java doesn't concern me at all, because I'm a PHP developer.
How many spoons are missing?
Tom has no interest in science.
I hate you!
I hate you!
Tom says he wants to learn how to fly an airplane.
I don't want to risk losing it.
I don't want to spend more than $10.
You must clean your room.
We defeated the enemy.
Mary hopes to rest a lot during her vacation.
Within one year, the stock market collapsed.
I couldn't even walk away, much less run.
I had to get it removed.
I had to get my tattoo removed.
I totally agree with what you say.
I study mathematics.
Won't you have some more coffee?
We got to the station at six.
We got to the station at six.
You are so courageous!
He cooked me dinner.
Where have you put all the spoons?
Do we have any clean spoons?
If I'm not mistaken, I think we took a wrong turn back there.
What's the real reason you don't want to do this?
Business is looking up.
She advised him not to believe everything the teacher says.
This is the most beautiful of all the pictures in my album.
I want you to know we can stop worrying.
Luckily, he won the game.
The dumb masses believe that Mandela was a decent man.
Tom is an angel.
You never change, do you?
Tom looks dreadful.
We're coming inside.
I know who the thief is.
Is this acceptable?
Tom had nothing to do, so he went home.
She had nothing to do yesterday.
He lay down on the grass and went to sleep.
There was little furniture in the room.
Lake Titicaca, the biggest lake in South America, is in Peru.
I have something for you to do.
I feel the want of money.
I feel the want of money.
I feel the want of money.
I demanded that he should pay.
I won't risk it.
The money is at your disposal.
My dog has a wonderful life.
Literature is the future of a nation.
You have a lot to learn, my boy.
I hope I didn't wake you up.
They're not kidding.
We're very proud of you!
That's his guilty conscience speaking.
I thought you said you liked to try new things.
Tom found a hundred dollar bill on the street.
His best friend ratted him out to the authorities.
Being a prince is not that easy.
I have an important mission for you.
Some people argue just for the sake of arguing.
You should be proud of yourselves.
You should be proud of yourself.
Is this an early attempt at cake making?
I'm sorry to have caused you all this trouble.
We don't have to worry about that anymore.
Tom is a great guy, but we're really different.
We should be proud of ourselves.
Tom made a list of potential problems that we should watch out for.
How do you always get such good marks in school? I never see you even crack a book.
Going to the school by bus doesn't take long.
I hate waiting in line.
I love you and I want to marry you.
Tom seems like a decent kid.
Tom hates Mary as much as she hates him.
They have a nice time there.
She took my breath away.
I forgot to pay the electric bill.
You can't escape from reality.
I'm living proof that death can be overcome.
If she trusted you, she wouldn't have done this.
Tom turned on a lamp.
God save Ukraine!
I think I've made a big mistake.
Tom is not far off the mark.
Let's suppose that he is here.
This sentence is sad.
This sentence is funny.
I still hate you.
I still hate you.
I still hate you.
You ought to be quiet in a library.
I really care about him.
All the hot guys are already taken.
Lots of girls like him.
How much of this did you know beforehand?
Do you want to learn English?
It was then that we clearly felt the gravity of the situation.
She was washing the dishes then.
Last night there was a fire in the neighborhood.
At least I'm not a loser like you.
The teacher has given Tom permission to do whatever he wants.
Did Tom forget to pay?
Tom suddenly stopped talking.
Tom burned a wad of bills.
A cloud is condensed steam.
I won't be able to eat all that by myself.
Everyone I know has been there.
Everyone has been there.
I had never been kissed like that.
She had never been kissed like this.
I felt the tension grow between us.
She danced with joy.
It's normal to make mistakes.
Is there any sugar in the pot?
I need proofs.
The average temperature in Oxford last month was 18C.
You're here to pay your taxes? "Not quite." "Gwonam! I thought you were on vacation!"
A page came out of a book.
I suggest you talk to Tom about how to handle the situation.
I don't like being told what to do.
Then the girl kissed me.
Tom lay awake in bed, listening to the rain.
Don't desert me here in the desert!
Why don't you take off your coat and stay a while?
Why don't you take off your hat?
Why don't you take some time off?
Daylight Savings Time starts on April third.
His carpet is completely white.
It was an accidental meeting.
I'd like to drink a cup of tea.
Yesterday is already history, and tomorrow, a mystery. However, today is a present of fate, and presents are supposed to bring joy.
I like these hats.
Any mushroom can be eaten, but some only once.
Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited.
They really did win.
I want to know the details.
I want the details.
Why don't you reply to my message?
How many pencils do you have?
I'm having a great time in Canada.
Three out of four Americans believe in the existence of paranormal phenomena.
He kissed me on the lips.
The police caught the thief.
Do you know where Tom was hiding?
Do you know where Tom was hiding?
I had no idea anything was wrong.
I had no idea anything was wrong.
The station is under repair.
We'll need an extra ten dollars.
I'll give you another chance.
I'm giving you one more chance.
I don't need them to do me any favors.
Anything that is too stupid to be spoken is sung.
To be quiet in class is to respect other people's sleep.
Today was a terrible day.
I put my pencils yonder on the bed.
Are you still up?
Are you still up?
Are you still up?
Are you still up?
Bad news arrives earlier than good one.
The students didn't understand the teacher's explanation.
Don't rely on him much.
Tom built a treehouse.
I promise I'll never leave you.
I'm trying to calm her down.
How beautiful a declaration of love!
How beautiful a declaration of love!
We fight something from another world.
They always complain.
How dare you speak like that to me!
How dare you speak like that to me!
Oh, I just remembered. The library's closed tomorrow.
They were almost run over by a truck.
Thanks for pointing this out.
Don't make me say the same thing over and over again!
Don't make me say the same thing over and over again!
Sorry, I'm bad at explaining.
Sorry, I'm bad at explaining.
She couldn't hold back her laughter.
There's no cure for stupidity.
I'll be there after breakfast.
Don't read aloud, read to yourself.
Isn't this weather just great!
I'll set out for China next week.
Never tell the truth when a good lie will do.
Don't tell it to my bride.
What did you gift him?
Now you've come of age, you have the right to vote.
The truth is rarely pure and never simple.
I can't remember the secret code.
Ask such questions that other people would answer with pleasure.
We can't come home in time.
According to European laws, the punishment for having a portrait of President Lukashenko in one's apartment or house is a life in Belarus.
Do you prefer tea or coffee? "Neither. I prefer milk".
Mention the name of the man you're talking to. It makes everyone feel important and accepted.
We haven't received the telegram.
One's own name is the sweetest and the most important sound in the world for anybody.
A smile sends a friendship signal.
Stop thinking about your purposes and desires only!
It seldom snows in this part of the country.
It seldom snows in this part of the country.
She buys everything she wants without paying attention to the price.
The city has a wonderful place to take a rest.
Remember what the park was, and what it now is!
In the April we began the work.
We had to count on our strength only.
We have to change something.
We should change something.
I'm dining out this evening.
She left a message.
I'm very concerned about your health.
Stop talking about my family.
Tom didn't find out he had been adopted until he was thirteen.
I spent a week in the hospital.
I hate being ill.
If he who hardly climbed a tree already thinks that he's a bird, then he's mistaken.
This isn't my first time to drive a sports car.
I've got a bad stomachache.
You need protection.
You need protection.
He was sitting in the library when I saw him.
Tom can't get his car to start.
Tom can't get his car to start.
What kind of research does the organization do?
What kind of research does the organization do?
What kind of research does the organization do?
They fought until the end.
You've got to write to him quickly.
I understand your position perfectly.
Sometimes we argue about things that don't matter that much.
You always talk back to me, don't you?
I guess that you can't do it.
You've got a bright future ahead of you.
You've got a bright future.
Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact. Everything we see is a perspective, not the truth.
The government had to alter its foreign policy.
Sometimes I am an enigma to myself.
It was dark in the forest.
I hate Justin Bieber.
Let's forget about what was yesterday.
Liza spends all her money on clothes.
Stay with me till the dawn.
Lately I read the book that changed my insight into many things.
My luck and my income much depends on my art of dealing with people.
It is terrible that we have to struggle with our own government in order to save the environment.
This clothing of mine has gone out of fashion.
Hawaii seems a lonely island in the middle of the Pacific.
Tom was normally very reliable and his absence from the meeting was inexplicable.
The defense rests.
Human stupidity knows no limits.
Can you make an exception?
Can you make an exception?
Can you make an exception?
Can you make an exception?
I'll buy him a pencil.
These computers use punch cards.
And then he started kissing me again.
Besides that, I don't know how to dance.
Furthermore, I don't know how to dance.
They asked a question that was right on the mark.
We had an argument about it last night.
We made sure that Vileyka people are reasonedly famous for their hospitality.
People can decide between me and you.
I'm going to win this time.
I'm glad you agree with me.
I hope you agree with this translation.
The new year is coming with long strides.
He did hard manual labor through the day.
He was always a rude man; not even his wife made him change.
All of my kids know how to swim.
All of my kids want to learn French.
Tom is a leader.
Have you heard any news from Australia?
Have you heard any news from Australia?
Do you need a visa to go to Australia if you have a British passport?
Thanks a lot for the advice.
You've never complained before.
You've never complained before.
You've never complained before.
You're the only one to survive the attack.
You've brightened my day.
You've earned a good rest.
Don't ask me such difficult questions.
Don't ask me such difficult questions.
He hit me twice.
You're responsible for books you take out of the library.
You can be sure this money will be put to good use.
Why was this news released?
Who represents the defendant?
What does this painting represent?
Try to rest your eyes.
Tom's pride won't let him admit he's wrong.
Tom reported that everything was in order.
Tom has the respect of everyone here.
Tom has the rank of captain.
Tom eats only raw vegetables.
This coat is so long it reaches the ground.
They'll refund your money if you're not satisfied.
They required us to pass an examination.
They asked a lot of questions about my past experience.
These things always remain the same.
These flowers are rare for that part of the country.
These are my reading glasses.
The ship is carrying raw cotton.
The play will be repeated next week.
The better quality of cloth is more expensive.
Remove the lamp from the table.
Please file a written request.
My watch needs only minor repairs.
Let's not quarrel about this.
It's a regular madhouse here.
I agree with you on this.
In one respect, I agree with you.
If you don't remind me, I'll forget.
I'll report on this matter tomorrow.
I'll be there as quick as I can.
I won't be able to remit the balance until the first of the month.
I offered Tom a drink of vodka, but he refused it.
I am writing you at the request of a friend.
How large a sum did they raise?
Have some respect for other people's opinions.
Give me a red pencil.
Everything in life is relative.
Do you know the real facts?
Do you have a radio here?
Can you reach the sugar on the top shelf?
I need a rest after all that resting!
Impossible things happen that we can't understand. They're completely unimaginable.
How many hours a day does Tom swim?
I bet Tom knows how to swim.
Can there be a computer intelligent enough to tell a joke?
He sometimes ate out with his family.
We'll meet her tomorrow at the station.
You got cheated.
I was not interested in his life.
I am busy, and I'm not interested in that, either.
I am not interested in politics at all.
I'm not interested in your opinion.
I'm not interested in your opinion.
They are not interested in other languages.
They are not interested in other languages.
We're not interested.
You should smile sometimes.
I don't want to work at a fast-food place forever.
The firefighter is talking about the fire.
Do you really think you can get away with this?
You're obviously too busy.
We don't have time to argue about this.
Get my horse ready at once!
There's only one explanation.
There's only one possible explanation.
Tom was carrying a leather briefcase.
Tom was carrying a bucket of water.
Tom was arguing with one of the sailors about something.
Tom wants to swim.
Tom wants to know how he can gain weight.
The future belongs to God.
There was a sudden drop in the temperature last night.
How do we draw this conclusion?
I miss you like the deserts miss the rain.
I want to do my best to help Tom.
The moon turns the roofs in the village to silver.
Tom payed me.
Tom respects you.
Tom respects you.
Let's play quidditch.
Is Tom kidding?
I know Tom is worried.
You're joking, right?
That's nothing to be proud of.
When in doubt, tell the truth.
I always wanted a tree house.
Tom, you're a genius!
I hate this job.
The New Year was drawing near.
Tom said that he couldn't swim well.
I broke my fingernail.
Tom blushed when he saw Mary naked.
We've already done our work.
Tell me why you have told on me to the teacher.
Man is a product of his circumstances.
Are you deaf or stupid?
He hid his friend from the police.
He did not even raise an eyebrow at the news of his wife's death.
I live in a giant bucket.
You can't learn here! This is a school!
His composition is by far the best of all.
I'm looking for my passport. Have you seen it?
I'm looking for my passport. Have you seen it?
My doctor advised me to give up smoking.
I totally understand.
Why don't you sit down?
I prefer to forget the past.
Put it on my desk.
I used to swim in this river.
Tom swims practically every day.
It doesn't matter which team wins the game.
Peter O'Toole is my favorite actor.
What do your children usually eat for breakfast?
I can not make out at all what you say.
What do you think of my new hat?
Where is your coat?
Where is your coat?
Tom is in the basement.
You missed the meeting.
You missed the meeting.
She used to help him with his homework.
The boys' room is on the right, and the girls' room is on the left.
He laughed in my face.
I am going to be loved.
I'm not defending him!
I don't find any of this interesting.
I noticed she was wearing a new hat.
Do you really want to eat that?
Tom managed to escape.
John ran like crazy to the train station to catch the last train.
The police demanded that the criminal hand over the gun to them.
Could you dial for me? The telephone is too high.
I am deeply interested in art.
Give her a hug.
Listening to this song makes me want to dance.
I don't think Tom would like it very much if I used his electric beard trimmer without his permission.
Tom spends too much time playing games.
I wrote the answers carefully.
We have nothing to discuss.
We have nothing to discuss.
I went to the hotel by cab.
Thank you for bringing your computer.
Tom is here to deliver a message.
Tom is hooked up to a respirator.
Holding on to the rope firmly, I came safely to land.
This hospital owns many defibrillators.
If you're cold, come here and sit down by the fire.
Sometimes you have to choose between looking good and being comfortable.
John broke in as Alice was speaking.
No clouds were in the sky.
Whichever way you may take, you can get to the station.
He has a hat on.
You should express your opinion.
Hug me tight.
She looked lonely.
They all say that my English is bad, but I'll continue studying it in any case.
He eats like a pig.
They have already visited the United States.
You ask Tom a lot of questions.
At times, a small gift can serve as a testament of a great love.
I feel so pretty.
And then he quickly looked around to make sure that nobody saw it.
He was a very handsome boy, he had the face of an angel.
Tom retired at 65.
Tom retired when he was 65.
Tom can't swim very well yet.
Tom ran away from home.
How will you pay your debts?
I'm against marriage.
I'm best at math.
Tom is good at keeping secrets.
There's a difference.
That's something special.
Tom took off his hat.
They lived a happy life.
Why didn't anyone warn me?
Tom turned on the radio.
Tom took off his overcoat.
Tom is always short of money.
Tom knows a lot about computers.
Don't you trust Tom?
Tom didn't want to go to the park.
I simply don't trust Tom.
How can you arrive at this time?
I want exactly what you want.
Tom took off his coat and hung it in the closet.
Tom was killed in a hunting accident.
I'd suggest that you don't do that.
I suggest that you don't do that.
What do you want to do next weekend?
Have you already decided where you're going to go to college?
Have you already decided what time you're going to leave?
They slept in a barn.
Tom ate the whole apple in less than three minutes.
We knew that we were going to go in different directions when our school finished.
That's a relief.
Tom asked us not to make any noise.
I'm going to the dance, even though you don't like it.
I had all the money stolen and was in trouble.
The bus arrived exactly at 8 a.m.
Who's that girl with the red sash?
Who ran for president that year?
We rolled up the rug.
Tom replied that he'd be glad to go.
Tom ran away when he saw me.
Tom has always been more interested in science than art.
Tom does everything in such a roundabout way.
Tom decided to sell his business and retire.
Throw it out with the rest of the garbage.
This is the third scene of the second act.
The roof of our house is leaking.
The lid screws onto the jar.
The laboratory is busy now on a new scientific experiment.
The facts are just the reverse of what Tom told you.
The captain decided to send out a scout.
Our supply of sugar has run out.
My dog ran away.
It makes me sad to see you looking so unhappy.
If you say that to Tom, you'll run the risk of losing your job.
I'm satisfied with the results of the exams.
I'm dissatisfied with my new apartment.
I want a sack of potatoes.
I like to swim in salt water.
I insist on having my say.
I hope you get a good rest.
I don't think Tom knows how to run the business.
I can safely say that Tom will win this time.
Don't make a scene.
Don't let your imagination run away with you.
Don't let Tom run away.
Could I borrow a saw?
Apples are scarce this year.
After a long search, we found a satisfactory room.
Life is an adventure.
He was blind from birth.
Tom is accustomed to speaking in public.
Tom is now studying in the library.
Tom took a shower before breakfast.
Tom isn't interested in art at all.
Put your coat on. It's cold outside.
Please turn on the light.
Please turn on the light.
What time is the last train?
When does the last train leave?
Don't believe everything you hear on the news.
I bought an old lamp.
I am on holiday this week.
It's great to have a family.
This place gives me a really bad vibe.
He speaks like an angel.
You don't think he has many faults?
You do a great job.
I hate myself for my own error.
Really?! Man, you're kidding right?
I'm glad I caught you before you left.
Most people are idiots.
Iron is much more useful than gold.
Do I have to wear a tie at work?
You should keep in touch with Mr. Smith.
How can Tom be so stupid?
The girl is lonely.
Don't yell.
I just wanted to ask a question.
Don't play with matches.
Mind the step!
They fight constantly.
She revealed her secret to us.
His visits became less frequent as time passed.
Tom made an important discovery.
The box is light enough for a child to carry.
The men's room is on the right, and the women's is on the left.
I don't expect them to win.
We're out of danger.
Tom inserted the key.
Tom said that he could swim well.
You have to fight.
You have to fight.
You have to fight.
All men naturally hate each other.
They all look the same to me.
Tom feeds his dog twice a day.
Thank you for understanding.
I spent the whole day reading a novel.
There are flying birds in the sky.
Are you hiding something?
We've made it to Berlin, onwards to New York.
She is collecting on behalf of the blind.
Tom didn't know how to translate the word "computer" because the people he was talking to had never seen one.
I want to go to a hotel.
Why should I buy something I'll never use?
She isn't answering her phone.
Do Tatoeba contributors sleep?
We'll continue.
I trust Ken.
Whenever I hear that song, I remember my youth.
Tom stopped reading.
Tom stopped reading.
Do you think anybody would pay more than thirty dollars for this?
Hey, did anybody lose their keys?
Where did you learn to do this?
We think the reason for his success was because of hard work.
I love him, but he thinks I hate him.
We gave blood to help the child.
Tom can't get his ring off his finger.
Tom said he could swim well.
Why should I buy something I'll never use?
What will future cities look like?
He trusted you.
My nape hurts.
Tom's very sad.
Tom is very sad.
Tom is a prince.
You've always hated me.
What's your explanation?
Tom doesn't usually wear a hat.
I'll keep it with me.
You can't trust Tom.
Kill him, before he runs away!
I don't wholly agree with you.
We have snow in January.
That's just what we wanted.
That's just so sad.
That's exactly what I would do.
The hotel where I'm staying doesn't have a parking lot.
The police believe the victim knew his killer.
You filthy pig!
We all have responsibilities.
We all have responsibilities.
I recommend that you read that novel.
The prices here are very reasonable.
The prices here are quite reasonable.
The prices here are quite reasonable.
We appreciate the support.
We both know you don't swim very well.
We can't trust them now.
We discussed it plenty of times.
Father! What happened? "I saved Hyrule from Ganon's pit!" "Well done, Your Majesty... but father, what about Link?"
Oh, I found it, nevermind.
She isn't doing her homework. She's reading a book.
I had a very high fever.
The library is closed on Sundays.
I wouldn't worry too much about it.
When I last saw him, he was wearing a blue shirt and white slacks.
Tom did that on purpose.
My temperature is normal.
We must respect others.
Why are you so interested in what Tom thinks?
Why are you so interested in what Tom was doing?
Betty drives fast.
No. I want to pay in cash.
It was a great trip.
Don't just stand there.
Do you have a hunting license?
Do you have a hunting license?
She didn't telephone after all.
He is on board the ship.
All the villagers know him.
Get some rest.
Get to the point.
Guess what I'm holding in my hand.
She advised him to come back at once.
Don't walk so fast. We'll get there on time.
He studied military history.
Get lost.
I've locked my keys in my car.
If you didn't put this here, then who did?
Maybe we'll get lucky and catch the thief.
Are you deaf or what?
Tom said that he needed to go to bed.
You're lucky.
This is the beginning of a new era.
There are no clean plates.
I just got to the station. I'll be waiting for you at the library.
You should come to class on time.
I swim almost every day in the summer.
George W. Bush was born in the state of Connecticut in 1946.
Children generally have a higher body temperature than adults.
How many times do I have to tell you to stop calling me that?
Tom doesn't know the difference between wine and champagne.
Every rule has its exceptions.
I'm curious about one thing.
Tom found new evidence.
Tom neither confirmed nor denied the rumors.
Tom neither confirmed nor denied the rumors.
Tom locked his sister in the closet.
You're acting like an idiot.
We should pay more attention to environmental problems.
I'm sure it was an accident.
Tom doesn't want pity.
Your jokes aren't funny.
Winds from the sea are humid.
I'm playing a game online.
Are you going away this summer?
Tom doesn't want to argue with you.
Don't waste my time.
That matter is the same one that we discussed the other day.
I think I have a fever.
I think I have a fever.
Tom is often absent from school.
I don't trust him.
I don't trust Tom.
I don't trust her.
I hate that they call me "four-eyes".
Hatred is blind, as well as love.
He has a beard.
Stop crying like a girl.
I've made a big mistake.
I'm proud of my children.
He promised me that he wouldn't tell anybody.
May I eat this apple?
May I eat this apple?
As far as I know, there is no such function.
My brother is ambidextrous.
These are wonderful.
Tom is an actor.
She taught me most of the things I know.
World War Two ended in 1945.
My parents were opposed to our marriage.
I saw them surrounding him.
Where are your grandchildren?
Where were you at the time of the fire?
Where were you at the time of the fire?
Where did you get this ring?
Where did you get this ring?
This is the 10 o'clock news.
Where did you get this coat?
Where did you get this coat?
Columbus proved that the world is not flat.
Do you have grandchildren?
Do you have grandchildren?
Are you implying that Tom is interested in me?
What would you change?
What would you change?
If he had been careful then, the terrible accident would not have happened.
If he had been careful then, the terrible accident would not have happened.
Professor, I know why! "Why?" "Because!" "No!" "Ha, professor, exactly — but not absolutely so!"
What makes you special?
What makes you so special?
What makes us special?
What makes you think that's what caused the fire?
I've got evidence.
I've been worried.
I've been worried.
What do you think of this tie?
What do you think of this tie?
I've changed it.
We're in the middle of nowhere.
We'll protect each other.
Try to think of something else.
Tom was standing in the middle of the room.
I don't want to die like this.
Tom reached for his drink.
Tom quietly entered the baby's room.
Compared to Tokyo, London is small.
When she was young, she was very beautiful.
Tom doesn't usually do stupid things like that.
Tom isn't yet ready to receive visitors.
Tom isn't yet ready to receive visitors.
He was killed in the fire.
She is as flat as a pancake.
Tom felt he owed Mary an explanation.
I usually go to bed at ten.
Is it OK to feed my dog the same thing that I feed my cat?
Sentences can teach us a lot. Much more than just words.
Let me pay for it.
She promised to marry him.
I'm very sad to hear that.
Your Majesty! "Oh, the gayness!" "YOUR MAJESTY!" "What?" "Mind your mouth!"
He acted foolishly.
You made a mistake.
We can't promise that.
It's really sad.
She is not wrong.
He's swimming now.
Write with a pen, not with a pencil.
Try to set a good example.
Tom sized up the situation at a glance.
Tom settled himself in the armchair.
Tom set the price at three hundred dollars.
Tom fell into a deep sleep.
Time passed very slowly this week.
This store has the best selection of hats in town.
This law only affects foreigners.
They sell furniture.
There's been quite a series of accidents lately.
There's a slight difference.
The last witness sealed the prisoner's fate.
Slow down!
Set the lamp on the table.
My desk back home is very similar to this one.
Let's sit this dance out.
It's been reported that you're wasting money.
Is it severe in the winter here?
I'll try to get home during the holiday season.
I would never join a secret society.
I want to send a telegram.
I must seize this opportunity.
I intend to see the project through.
I feel secure in my new job.
I don't have any small change.
Send this message to as many people as you can.
What do you think of this red hat?
What do you think of my new coat?
What do you think of my new coat?
What do you think of this red hat?
Do you like apples?
Do you like apples?
Your friendship means a lot to me.
I don't have a passport.
That's not my job.
I'm a complete idiot.
If you truly love your beard, you should let it grow!
I'm terribly sorry.
Hard work never killed anyone. But why take the risk?!
I always root for the underdog.
The school year is almost over.
I drive a truck.
I am driving a truck.
I am driving a truck.
I hope you're wrong.
I hope you're wrong.
I am swimming in the lake.
I am throwing up.
You have to take that into account.
He wants to kiss me. And I want to kiss him too.
What'll grow in this soil?
This pillow is too soft for me.
This lamp gives off a soft light.
The doctor told Tom not to eat solids for a few days.
I need some paper, pencils, ink and so on.
I don't care about your past.
You'll find the shop around the corner.
That was a brilliant idea.
I told him to stop.
Why do you want to join the navy?
It's almost dark.
Tom gave an apple to the teacher.
Thanks for your support.
Meg and Ken sat on the bench.
You are special.
You're too young to die.
How long is that story?
She advised him not to drive too fast.
They're not interested in politics.
They are actors.
Same difference, he said.
How many times have you kissed Tom?
I'd like to book three seats.
They say that she'll get married soon.
Why are you wearing my coat?
Ten prisoners broke out of jail.
School starts in September in Europe.
It's too dark.
It's not a date.
Are we mad squirrels?
Do you believe in the Evil Eye?
Do you believe in the Evil Eye?
She is terrible at cooking.
Please put this book on the very top.
Keep the money in a safe place.
Keep the money in a safe place.
He asked his teacher several questions.
My mother woke me up saying "It's a quarter past seven".
Let me write that down.
I don't like to make bets.
I'm not much of a swimmer.
He is as great a statesman as any.
Tom felt awkward.
The convention opened as planned.
But for the rain, we would have had a pleasant journey.
I am feeding my baby.
Doing that sort of thing makes you look stupid.
I'm using the computer.
Stop worrying about it.
Stop worrying about it.
Stop worrying about it.
Tell me you're kidding.
Tell me you're kidding.
Do we even have a choice?
What choice do we have?
I'm proud to be a part of this project.
I want her to win.
I want her to win.
I want him to win.
I want him to win.
I want my country to win.
I want my country to win.
You will pay for this!
Does anybody have a pencil?
Does everybody have a pencil?
Do you also know how to use a computer?
I lost my sense of reality at that moment.
My father is interested in ancient history.
We've got nothing to hide.
As for me, I don't trust him at all.
She is living in the middle of nowhere.
This is a family tradition.
I don't really want to dance.
We didn't need that.
We don't need that.
I was lonely.
I was lonely.
The movie industry became a big business.
Do you know what it is like to be really hungry?
Don't put much confidence in him.
Tom is drawing something.
I must seize this opportunity.
Tom is closing the store.
We'll be ready in time.
I really like my coworkers.
Tom thinks it's stupid.
Tom dialed the number again.
He had the misfortune to lose his son.
Tom was the only one without enough money for the trip.
I told Tom you were cold. He said he'd turn up the heat.
I don't like this hat.
She advised him to go to the police.
She advised him to go to the police.
Your eyes are bigger than your stomach.
I usually study math in the evening.
Paul prefers English to math.
Once I retire, I will dedicate my whole time to Tatoeba.
He is a scientist and musician.
That man's helped my family a lot.
This movie is horrible.
This hat is from Australia.
I bought a pair of leather shoes.
We're going to win.
Tom was brutally murdered.
Tom says it is urgent.
Tom needs my help.
She was swimming.
Tom swam.
Tom was dying.
They were dying.
I spend less money on clothes than my sister does.
The soldier was killed in action.
Is it true that Tom can't swim?
He's been passing off my ideas as his.
Tom fell off a ladder and broke both of his arms.
You have to study English step by step.
He's dancing with another girl.
He's dancing with another girl.
Did you write down the telephone number?
I remember the event as vividly as if it were just yesterday.
You don't have a chance.
These are my pencils.
There was an unfortunate incident at home.
Tom agrees with you.
When are you leaving?
What time will you leave?
We spent our holiday at the seaside.
Tom knows it's a lie.
Tom is very lucky.
Read Lesson 10 from the beginning.
We're trying to staff our factory with good workers.
Tom spends a lot of time in the library.
This is my star pupil.
The scenery is really splendid.
Spread the rug out and let me look at it.
Sparks were coming out of the chimney.
Sometimes gestures are more expressive than speech.
I'm tired of standing here waiting.
I'm afraid you don't stand a chance of getting the job.
I want to go south for the winter.
I spotted you in the crowd as soon as I saw your hat.
I love to wear sport clothes.
I don't have much to spend.
Have you got anything special in mind for tonight?
From the hill, we saw the whole valley spread out below us.
Don't bother standing up.
Do you have anything to remove stains?
Can you get these spots out of my pants?
She looked lonely.
They refused to give up their way of life.
The enemy destroyed many of our ships.
There is an urgent need for a new system.
He promised to come, but he didn't come.
We've done well.
Jim could hear whom she was phoning.
We have to change our plan.
Tom is a skillful driver.
This kind of thing doesn't happen very often.
Tom doesn't deserve to be treated this way.
Hands off.
Tom fell asleep on the train.
When the bell rang, the audience took their seats.
From whom did you learn that?
From whom did you learn that?
I fell asleep listening to music.
I've already finished my homework.
I have been silent for a long time.
I often feel extremely exhausted.
Our friendship remained firm.
I usually don't wear a tie.
Police caught the criminals.
I think you're putting in too much sugar.
Summer is coming.
I don't even know who has stolen what.
It's a cruel world.
I've never flown in an airplane.
You crack me up.
First John put on his coat, and then he picked up his hat.
She is not scared of taking big risks.
Thanks a lot for having warned me!
The situation was extremely dangerous; it was a matter of life and death.
When I entered the room, I could hear Mozart playing on the radio.
I'm on the balcony.
The concert will take place next Sunday.
The thief entered through a broken window.
I have never heard of this actor.
Tom sat down on a bench.
Tom sat down on the step.
Tom sat on a bench smoking a cigarette.
Tom sat on a bench reading a book.
Tom sat on a park bench feeding birds.
Tom sat down on the edge of the bed.
Do any of you have a pencil?
Tom hopes he doesn't flunk out of school.
We're very proud of you!
My mom taught me how to cook.
Don't change the topic.
Don't change the topic.
Tom might be wrong.
Will you go on a date with me?
Don't worry! The test is easy.
You're good at speaking French, aren't you?
They freed the prisoner.
She put on a coat.
There's no need to explain.
I'm not trying to be funny.
I should not have trusted you.
I should not have trusted you.
Don't do something you'll regret later.
Don't do something you'll regret later.
Don't say something you'll regret later.
Don't say something you'll regret later.
Tom lay on his bed and cried softly into his pillow.
She's dancing with another man.
It's a good question. I will try to give a good answer.
The policeman arrested the man on the spot.
I've been studying English for three years.
Are they criminals?
Are they criminals?
America needs you.
Tom wasn't murdered.
Tom cooked breakfast.
I really don't understand what's so funny.
Stop it, Tom.
Isn't Tom wonderful?
Tom needs a rest.
I don't agree with this.
Tom needs attention.
Tom needed you.
Tom needed you.
Tom needed us.
Tom needed treatment.
Tom needed rest.
Tom needed rest.
Tom needed protection.
Tom needed help.
Tom looks great.
Tom looked inside.
Tom looked inside.
Tom avoided making eye contact.
Tom knocked loudly.
Tom knocked louder.
Tom knocked again.
Tom had drunk too much coffee so he couldn't sleep.
I can't make out what she is saying.
The train that Tom was riding was hit by lightning.
Is Tom dying?
Is Tom crazy?
Is Tom crazy?
Is Tom complaining?
Are you sure? You won't regret it later.
We often eat raw fish.
I agree totally.
I fully agree.
Tom has fallen asleep.
Is Tom asleep?
Is Tom armed?
Tom kept yelling.
Tom isn't complaining.
Tom can't win.
They trusted Tom.
They trust Tom.
Let Tom rest.
Let Tom rest.
Let Tom rest.
I hate dancing.
It's now time for me to go to bed.
We really don't have a choice.
The kids are finally asleep.
Tom is a good judge of character.
The new model car was put through several tests.
Fernando is faster than you. Can you confirm you understand that message?
Were you scared?
I was really scared.
I was really scared.
You were scared, weren't you?
I think Tom got scared.
The Perseids are one of the most visible meteor showers.
Who will win the gold?
Hey, look what I can do!
Hey, look what I can do!
Hey, look what I can do! "I'm trying to work, Tom."
The girls all made fun of him.
We have permission to be here.
The following day he was found dead in the bedroom.
The reason for your failure is that you did not try hard enough.
I bought a return ticket.
Sugar is sweet.
Would you mind if I open the window?
Will the ice bear our weight?
I think I'm dying.
Be sure and wear your overcoat.
Get off the train at the next station.
I broke out into a cold sweat.
I don't think this chain will stand the strain.
I see a page has been torn out of this book.
I'll meet you at the bus station.
I'll stay out of it.
I'm looking for a piece of string.
Is my hat on straight?
Is that the way you've been taught to handle tools?
It'll take about a week to straighten out my affairs.
Let's suppose, for the sake of argument, that you're right.
Make sure Tom comes.
Put the potatoes on the stove.
That bridge isn't strong enough to support so much weight.
That tree's been struck by lightning.
They carried the injured man out on a stretcher.
They strung the electric wire from pole to pole.
Tom asked a long string of questions.
Tom issued an official statement.
Tom swears too much.
Tom wrote a story for the school magazine.
Try to get the story straight.
We didn't run fast, but kept up a good steady pace.
Where can we cross the stream?
Will you teach me French?
You can't stop me from thinking about it.
You'll have to teach me how to run this machine.
You've stayed away a long time.
You should change the sentence.
I should change the sentence.
Grandfather is still very active for his age.
Don't give away my secret.
Tom almost never wears a hat.
Both Greece and Croatia are amazing!
Read the kind of books that teach you something.
Read the kind of books that teach you something.
We must prevent a war by all possible means.
You look like a girl.
It would be nice to spend the summer in the mountains.
Tom is a good musician.
Do you have any doubts?
He wants to dance.
I'll get my coat.
When did it end?
Do you prefer to go by train or bus?
Do you prefer to go by train or bus?
I know you were proud of me.
I know you were proud of me.
I know you were proud of me.
I know you were proud of me.
I hope we didn't wake you.
I hope we didn't wake you.
I hope we didn't wake you.
I hope you're well rested.
I hope you're well rested.
I hope you're well rested.
I hope you're well rested.
You're giving me the same old line.
You're giving me the same old line.
It's his only chance.
We trusted her.
Can we trust him?
You're dying.
I have to take the chance.
I have some very sad news.
I have some very bad news.
I have a business meeting.
Please keep in touch.
Tom put three hundred dollars on the table.
Tom stood up and headed for the bathroom.
Stop making so much noise.
I wrote down her phone number.
I wrote down her phone number.
Come what may, I won't change my opinion.
People died by the hundreds.
I'm giving you a second chance.
Tom is not good at keeping secrets.
He died yesterday.
Hold your breath, please.
The baby smiled at me.
Do you know how much I paid for that?
Do you know how much I paid for that?
Did he kiss you? "No, I kissed him!"
You kissed him?
You kissed him?
I can't exclude it.
You shouldn't have done that without my permission.
You shouldn't have done that without my permission.
You shouldn't have done that without my permission.
Tom burst out laughing.
They are hiding.
Nothing is permanent.
Welcome to the family, Mina!
I will change this translation.
This is getting ridiculous.
This is getting ridiculous.
Tonight I plan to go to a concert.
Tonight I plan to go to a concert.
Everyone can make a difference in their own lives and thereby collectively make the world a better place for themselves and others around them.
I am going to leave tomorrow.
You shouldn't trust your memory so much.
Will you figure out the total for me?
Where can I park this truck?
When do they open the dining room?
What's the total amount of the bill?
We won six to two.
Those pants are much too long. They almost touch the ground.
Those children are making too much noise.
They give concerts here in the summer.
Then why bother at all?
The teacher assigned a three-page theme for Friday's class.
The sooner we're paid, the better.
The meat is too tough to eat.
That water tower holds a three-day supply.
Take the first turn to your right.
Put the top of your car down.
Please don't touch those books.
On the whole, I agree with you.
My arm has been troubling me ever since my accident.
May I trouble you for a match?
Let's try and get there on time.
Let's finish this today, so that we can rest tomorrow.
Keep in touch with me.
It's a wicked thing to do.
It may not be the best wine there is. It's pretty good, though.
Is today payday?
I've never tried this dish before.
I think I can get through this book tonight.
I don't trust this driver.
I can't eat this much food.
Have you seen tonight's paper?
Has my trunk come yet?
Did you try this key?
I can teach you how to cook.
I can teach you how to cook.
It was an incredible place.
The leaves on the tree have turned red.
We're trapped!
Everybody suspected him of taking a bribe.
I'll buy it.
A lot of people were killed by the blast.
The sun sunk below the clouds.
I'm interested in Japanese history.
I'm interested in the history of Japan.
I'm sure that he'll come on time.
I'm sure that he'll come on time.
Oh my God, it's a lion! Get in the car!
The winter was cold and snowy.
I had nowhere else to go.
I had nothing to hide.
I had no idea you'd be here.
I had no idea you'd be here.
I had no idea you were so young.
I had no idea you were so young.
I had no idea you were so young.
I had no idea you were so young.
I had no idea you were so stupid.
I had no idea you were so stupid.
I had no idea you were so stupid.
I had no idea you were so stupid.
I had no idea you were so stupid.
I had no idea you knew how to play the bassoon.
I had no idea you knew how to play the bassoon.
I had no idea you knew how to play mahjong.
I had no idea you knew how to play mahjong.
I had no idea you could dance.
I had no idea you could dance.
I had no idea you collected stamps.
I had no idea you collected stamps.
I had no idea Tom was that old.
I had no idea Tom was that old.
I had no idea things were so bad.
I had no idea there were so many people in the other room.
They gave us one last chance.
He gave me one last chance.
She gave me one last chance.
I'm giving you one last chance.
I'm giving you one last chance.
I don't want Tom to know. This has to be our secret.
This is not a threat.
I don't want her to die.
He bought me roses.
You'd better come inside.
You'd better come inside.
I hate her, but I don't know why.
I hate him, but I don't know why.
I hate myself sometimes.
I hate myself sometimes.
Hard work is the main element of success.
You're hiding something.
Shut up and let me think.
She nodded her head in agreement.
Wilson felt very happy.
I'm afraid I have some bad news.
Many could not hear him.
I'm afraid I have some rather bad news.
What was the difference?
The pig is pink.
Tom brews his own beer.
Tom brews his own beer at home.
The construction of the hospital is about to end.
I know you're hiding something.
Sixty new museums opened.
People lost faith in banks.
People lost faith in banks.
Don't hang up.
The games must go on.
There are clouds in the sky.
There are clouds in the sky.
General John Pope made a terrible mistake.
John Adams took office in 1797.
Public opinion began to change.
Public opinion began to change.
Don't worry. Tom will forgive you.
Don't worry. Tom will forgive you.
Don't worry. I'm sure Tom will understand.
Don't worry. I'm sure Tom will understand.
Don't worry. I'm sure Tom will understand.
Don't worry. I'm sure Tom will understand.
Don't worry. I'm not going anywhere.
Don't worry. I'm not going anywhere.
Don't worry. I'll be right back.
Don't worry. I'll be right back.
Don't worry. I'll be back soon.
Don't worry. I'll be back soon.
Don't worry. I'm a doctor.
He gave her a kiss on the hand.
I was beginning to worry.
I was beginning to worry.
I was hoping I was wrong.
Have you got a table booked?
Have you got a table booked?
Have you got a table booked?
I was too drunk to drive.
Many died of hunger and disease.
I have no proof.
Children should be seen and not heard.
How many photos are in this album?
Hello, girls.
He says it's urgent.
Women talk nonstop.
We did not get your letter until yesterday.
We did not get your letter until yesterday.
As she was dying, she tried to write the murderer's name with her own blood.
As she was dying, she tried to write the murderer's name with her own blood.
He told me not to swim there.
He told me not to swim there.
My hometown is adjacent to the ocean.
I ate the red apples.
I ate the green apples.
The rain today matches my mood well.
I don't see what's so great about that.
Why don't we do something else?
I have something for you to do.
Why are you leaving so soon?
Why are you leaving so soon?
Perhaps he had an argument with his wife, but it's out of the question that he hit her.
Tom is so nice.
The days are getting noticeably shorter now that autumn has arrived.
The rain forecast for yesterday didn't eventuate.
Tom could do with some help.
Link! "What happened?" "You are my son!" "Great!"
Hey, King! "My boy!" "I'm evil!" "I'm evil too!" "Great!" "Great!"
He was wrong.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
He explained why the experiment failed.
I have wonderful news.
I've warned you before about this.
I've warned you before about this.
I've tried to warn you.
I nearly got hit by a truck today.
I have to find out where Tom went yesterday.
I have to ask you some questions.
I have to ask you some questions.
I have three hundred dollars in cash.
I have three computers.
I met her by chance in the library.
I've taken everything into consideration.
I've taken everything into consideration.
Why is Tom hiding?
I have some questions to ask Tom.
I have some news.
Tom filled the glass with water.
Do you think this is funny?
Do you think this is funny?
I think I could learn a lot from you.
I think I could learn a lot from you.
I think I could learn a lot from you.
I think I could learn a lot from you.
I think I could learn a lot from you.
I think I could learn a lot from you.
I've run out of gas.
I've prepared a list.
I have nothing to worry about.
I've never seen Tom wearing a tie.
I've never seen Tom dance.
I've never seen Tom dance.
We don't have the time to discuss this right now.
She devoted herself to him.
I trusted you.
I trusted you.
I trusted you.
I trusted you.
I trusted you.
I trusted you.
A fine dress helps to impress, intelligence makes steady friends.
Would you like to add me to your contact list?
I want to go to heaven, but I don't want to die in order to get there.
This is a green apple.
What's your advice?
I am bound to him by a close friendship.
The injured man was carried to the hospital.
They had guns.
I saw the old man two or three times a week.
I'm afraid I don't agree with you.
I'm afraid I don't agree with you.
I'm afraid I don't agree with you.
I'm afraid I don't agree with you.
I have many talents.
I've made a horrible mistake.
I've made a horrible mistake.
I don't want to discuss this further.
I don't want to argue with you about this.
He is totally immersed in family life and has no wish to work.
Give me a piece of chalk.
We beat that team by 2-0.
It was an experiment.
Why are you doing this to me?
Why are you doing this to me?
Why are you doing this?
Why are you doing this?
Am I catching you at a bad time?
Please don't jump.
Life is too cruel.
Tom's cooking breakfast. "Should we call the fire department?"
We have little chance of winning.
We have little chance of winning.
Are you a criminal?
Are you a criminal?
I'm very busy so don't count on me.
I'm very busy so don't count on me.
I'm very busy so don't count on me.
It was extremely easy.
He draws straight lines.
They arrested her.
I deserved it.
I deserved it.
She earned it.
Tom broke my nose.
Tom broke his nose.
Tom broke his nose.
I don't know all the details myself.
I don't know all the details myself.
I get the feeling you don't really want me to win.
I get the feeling you don't really want me to win.
I get the feeling you don't really want me to win.
I get the feeling you don't really want me to win.
He studied the flight of birds.
Tom started the fight.
Nobody's ever heard of him.
Why doesn't she dance with me anymore?
I forgot to lock the drawer.
I forgot to lock the drawer.
We need your support.
I already know your secret.
Come here at precisely six o'clock.
Come here at precisely six o'clock.
I already know how to drive.
I almost got hit by a car today.
I almost forgot my passport.
I agree to your terms.
I agree to your terms.
I agree this is bad.
I fall asleep in the class every now and then.
Tom finally took off his coat.
We are working hard.
Tom worries about his weight.
Have you gone mad?
I burned the paper.
Did you eat anything?
I didn't think we'd need it.
I didn't think we'd be able to get in.
I didn't think we'd be able to get in.
I didn't think of the consequences.
Kissing a man without a mustache is like eating eggs without salt.
I've learned to live with the pain in my back.
Please bring your own cutlery.
She hurt her elbow when she fell down.
Can I turn on the radio?
Tom hates his parents.
Tom hates his parents.
Tom asked me to dance.
I'm with a client.
When did you last have sexual intercourse?
I checked it twice.
We danced to the music.
Majority rule is a basic principle of democracy.
Men don't drive as well as women.
Good news was in store for us at home.
We danced about the fire.
Everyone started arguing.
Put some clothes on.
Put some clothes on.
That gradually became his habit.
Why don't you join our party?
There's no choice.
Submit your homework on Monday.
Submit your homework on Monday.
The roses in my garden are beautiful.
How could we have been so wrong?
I know that this doesn't interest you.
How could Tom have been so wrong?
Tom did not die in vain.
Tom did not die in vain.
I'm going to Stockholm.
A bad thing never dies.
That's a stupid question!
Tom put everything in a box.
She stays in touch with him.
She didn't plan on having a fight with him.
Tom hasn't had a fight with anybody lately.
I knew we were going to win.
I knew we were going to win.
Let's go and sit in the shade.
Tom always wears a hat.
I have a message to deliver to you.
I was almost in tears.
The happiest women, like the happiest nations, have no history.
Tom is almost never wrong.
His Majesty... I must go and see what happened! ...Your Majesty, what has happened? "Link kissed me!" "Of course he kissed you, you're his hero!"
The important thing is not to win the game, but to take part in it.
Last month was November, right?
Watch out! That car almost hit you.
All you have to do is to push this button.
Too bad I can't paint like that.
I quite agree with you on this.
Italy lacks of leaders.
Tom is too young to drive a car.
I've been to Italy many times.
I realized I couldn't win.
Bird watching is a nice hobby.
Tom had a tooth pulled out last week.
Stop it already!
I have no money to pay for the bus.
I can't get married without my parents' permission.
I can't get married without my parents' permission.
I can't trust what she says.
May I ask why?
I don't make mistakes.
Every single word you say is a lie.
I didn't take it seriously.
I didn't know that you could drive.
I didn't know that you could drive.
I didn't know that you could drive.
I didn't know that you could drive.
Hey! What are you doing in my room?
Hey! What are you doing in my room?
Hey! What are you doing in my room?
Hey! What are you doing in my room?
It wasn't that funny.
Tom couldn't help it.
She thought it was stupid.
I thought it was stupid.
I took control of the situation.
He took control of the situation.
She took control of the situation.
That'd be great.
He must pay for his crimes.
They do it just for the thrill of it.
We had the meeting in this room last Friday.
You need to learn to listen to our advice.
He fell down on the ice and broke his arm.
Her eyes were shining with joy.
Do you care what other people think about you?
He is concerned about the result of the exam.
No one can be short of time, unless they are outside the present moment, which is an absolute impossibility.
Tom turned the light back on.
Milk gives me a stomachache.
I wish I could swim as fast as Tom.
The witness stated his name.
Who are you trying to impress?
Who are you trying to impress?
It's time we left.
Quit bothering me.
Don't be ridiculous.
Don't be ridiculous.
Don't be ridiculous.
I listen to this song when I'm sad.
Open the window. It's baking hot in here.
Grass doesn't grow faster if you pull it.
I've got homework to do.
I've got half an hour.
I have great news.
I have some good news.
I've got good news for you, Tom.
These elevators are each capable of carrying ten persons.
I've got a very full schedule.
I've got a lot to learn from you.
I've got a lot to learn from you.
I've got a date tonight.
I haven't forgotten our first date.
I have everything memorized.
Tom tried to kiss me.
I don't usually ask questions.
I seldom go to a library.
Tom is a proficient marksman.
I will soon catch up with you.
I'll catch up with you later.
Are you sure you want me to help you with your homework?
Are you sure you want me to help you with your homework?
No matter what you say, I won't change my mind.
I'm not blind.
I'm not blind.
I'm not backing out.
Tom went back inside.
He doesn't speak my language.
Tom went back upstairs.
Tom went back upstairs.
They talked about culture.
Unlike my brother, I cannot swim.
Are you a musician?
It is a nice view from here.
I fell asleep while I was driving.
I fell asleep on the couch.
I must have fallen asleep.
I think I fell asleep during class.
I think I'm falling asleep.
They won.
He was deprived of his civil rights.
We only had one opportunity.
He wants me to help him with a school project.
Tom doesn't listen to advice.
She lives paycheck to paycheck.
He lives paycheck to paycheck.
Women are my weakness.
The worker is carrying sand with a shovel.
The apples are finished.
Even though I disagree with what you say, I fully acknowledge your right to say it.
The small restaurant of today may be a big hotel tomorrow.
The doctor's presence has been requested elsewhere.
We want to spend the holidays in a quiet place.
There are a lot of places to see around here.
Europe can't do without Russian gas.
Saturn has rings.
I hate my roommate.
I hate my roommate.
He kissed me on the cheek.
I fell over it and broke my leg.
We only have one opportunity.
What prevented you from coming to the concert?
I felt the sweat trickle down my brow.
We used a barrel for a makeshift table.
Happy Fourth of July!
We're on time.
We're on time.
I saw her crossing the street.
I saw her crossing the street.
You should take the appropriate measures at the appropriate time.
He was raised in the United States, but his native language is Japanese.
They'll be afraid.
I won't get scared.
She won't get scared.
It was urgent.
It's mustard after the meal.
It’s the early bird that makes the most noise.
She deems this can be understood without a translation.
I suggest you help us.
I never suggested that.
Why are some translations in grey?
Why are some translations in grey?
The white house is antique.
We've got some news for you.
You're ridiculous.
Do they have any good news?
France is a republic.
Our team won the game.
I'd like one more blanket.
I heard a noise behind me.
Something awful happened to me.
Hey, come here.
Here comes the enemy.
You won't be arrested.
Don't worry about me.
Put it on my tab.
My doctor has advised me to stop taking this medicine.
I must buy a new winter coat.
I have to study for the exam.
I'm just fucking with you, man. You've paid your taxes on time! You can leave if you want.
Did you happen to bring a blanket?
Your Majesty, there is a fire in my house!
I took the children to school.
I took him to the hospital.
I hate them all.
We made him cry.
I'll go with you as far as the bridge.
If you don't take a vacation, you'll collapse.
I think you have the wrong number.
Don't touch my stuff.
You're free to say what you think.
Do you regret the fact that you married me?
I know that he is a famous musician.
You forgot your coat.
You forgot your coat.
There's no milk left.
What fun is that?
He's always complaining.
Let's wait for the rain to end!
I leave this afternoon.
I leave this afternoon.
You're braver than I am.
Tom turned on the heater.
A lot has happened while you've been gone.
At what heat should I cook this?
He could not find what I had hidden.
We sat together in silence for some time.
We sat together in silence for some time.
We sat together in silence for some time.
Is it true that horses sleep while standing up?
It is my dream to become a teacher.
Tom allowed his dog to run free.
He's proud that his father was a great scientist.
The library is on the 4th floor.
An old person is a bridge between the past and the present.
His boyfriend is an idiot.
Her boyfriend is an idiot.
Thank you for breakfast.
Thank you for breakfast.
I did so bad in the exam!
He is the dumbest kid in the class.
I was face to face with my parents' murder.
What led you to this conclusion?
What led you to this conclusion?
I want you to come to my wedding.
I want you to come to my wedding.
I want you to come to my wedding.
I want you to come to my wedding.
Do you have a fever?
Do you have a fever?
Do you have a fever?
How old is your father?
Her CDs are not bought by young people.
I'm with a customer.
Where's the ice?
Tom doesn't want to discuss it.
I want my whole family to be proud of me.
The apple is red.
The rain prevented me from coming.
This cake is sweet.
My brother failed to pass the examination.
Have you turned in your report?
When must I turn in the report?
Next year is the year of the rabbit.
We have a new neighbor.
I'm very proud of my son.
Brazil is a huge country.
This sentence contains several mistakes.
Tom ordered a beer.
My boyfriend refuses to use the microwave.
What do you eat for breakfast?
Both of the windows were broken.
That author translated those fairy tales into our language.
There is a secret passageway in my mind leading to my childhood.
Next week I'll have the late shift.
Next week I'll have the late shift.
Please don't hate me.
I want the two of you to quit arguing.
The earth is about six times as large as the moon.
I didn't steal it.
We won't need your help today.
The train ran off the tracks.
I wanted her to win.
I wanted her to win.
Let's rest a little.
Tom always worries about his daughter.
Tom earned it.
Does she think she's funny?
Does he think he's funny?
Do you think you're funny?
Where's the park?
Tom wondered where to hang up his coat.
This is a random sentence from Tatoeba.
Why don't you rest a bit?
We can rest.
If you push the button, the engine will stop.
The park benches were all occupied.
There are no special rules as regards what clothes we should wear.
In a democracy, all citizens have equal rights.
Tom walked up to the counter and ordered a drink.
What kind of films do you prefer?
My father is proud of my being handsome.
I'm starving.
What prevented you from coming earlier?
I can often hear my neighbors arguing.
Water is transparent.
I will make him pay the money.
Is there a supermarket in this mall?
It is bad for people not to have aspirations.
Tom thinks that his computer is possessed by an evil spirit.
Get your paws off me.
Quit acting like a baby.
Do you mind if I turn on the TV?
Do you mind if I turn on the TV?
Do you mind turning on the TV?
We were waiting for him over a cup of coffee.
I told a bedtime story to my daughter.
I already checked.
Listen and learn.
He will change it.
You should get some rest.
Such a sales system can work for a while, but not forever.
May I call my first witness?
She is very proud of her daughter.
Put down your name and address here.
Even though she was a child, she wasn't afraid.
The photographs are the only proof we have.
We must respect individual liberty.
You're a thief.
It is important for us to choose good friends.
You must take your passport to the bank.
No matter how rich a man is, he cannot buy love.
You're the only person I can trust.
You can use a dictionary for this exam.
Don't worry. I'll pay you for everything.
Traveling by sea is a lot of fun.
I broke a nail.
It is important to drive carefully.
I think we need those.
Tom sat on the bench and crossed his legs.
She seldom goes out.
They agree.
I talk too much.
I think Tom made a big mistake.
That doesn't necessarily change anything.
The enemy dropped many bombs on the factory.
In a word, he is a coward.
Look, there's a rabbit!
My mother worries about everything.
Whenever I lie down on my bed and read a book, I fall asleep.
Mom has a fever.
Mom has a fever.
I assumed that she was there.
She freaked out and started screaming.
People mistakenly think that the past was better than the present.
Get him out of here!
Tom fell asleep while reading a book.
I went to visit my grandfather's grave today.
I went to visit my grandfather's grave today.
I went to visit my grandfather's grave today.
I went to visit my grandfather's grave today.
May I eat this bread?
May I eat this bread?
Tom is hiding the truth from us.
I'm sorry. Did I wake you up?
This bed is too hard to sleep on.
I will deal with her myself.
You did wrong to refuse his help.
It seems to me that you are wrong.
She's promised to give me a ring.
Millie is eating an apple.
Both brothers are musicians.
I took apart the engine.
I took apart the engine.
How much did you pay?
I'm sick of talking about it.
Your nose is bleeding.
I asked Mike to help me.
You won't need that.
You won't be shot.
You won't be shot.
I thank you for that.
I thank you for that.
Do you mind if I turn on the radio?
Don't you have something to do?
Don't you have something to do?
I don't deserve to live.
I don't deserve to live.
Can you play any musical instruments?
Can you play any musical instruments?
I won't buy the car tomorrow.
They built their empire in Peru about five hundred years ago.
This isn't going to end well!
I hate milk.
Darwin changed everything.
Fear fell upon her.
I agree with everything you said.
I agree with everything you've said.
I agree with what you said.
I agree with what you said.
He made me cry.
She made her cry.
She made me cry.
He was a wonderful man.
I want a computer.
Did you kiss Mary?
A terrible thing happened last week.
Have I told you that I hate you?
Have I told you that I hate you?
Have I told you that I hate you?
Have I told you that I hate you?
Tom almost pushed the wrong button.
The lion struggled to get out of his cage.
He is in excellent physical condition.
Necessity knows no law.
I was afraid I'd fall asleep at the wheel.
I was afraid I'd fall asleep at the wheel.
He made a speech in which he supported my point of view.
There were no witnesses to the crime.
In those days, or at any rate in Cambridge, laboratory life was rather informal.
I cannot express how happy I was at the news.
As the lessons were over, the children went home.
No one has an explanation.
They don't hate you.
I should've followed Tom's advice.
You've lost your mind.
Women and girls would cross over the street rather than meet him.
It may help to look at the problem from another angle.
I think my husband spends too much money.
I must've overlooked something.
I'm not asking you to change your opinion.
I'm not asking you to change your opinion.
I'm not asking you to change your opinion.
We were beside ourselves with joy.
What makes you think so?
Jim called me a coward.
This substance is in solid state.
Tom said there were no decent restaurants in his neighborhood.
They are eating their apples.
Tom applied for a visa.
I'm dying to see you.
I thought you weren't interested in politics.
I love weddings.
I've broken my glasses.
The temperature has suddenly dropped.
I'm sorry to have caused you so much trouble.
I'm sorry to have caused you so much trouble.
I'm in trouble.
He was experienced in business.
I have some very good news.
I never doubted that.
Communists took power in China in 1949.
I want to study French.
We have to trust one another.
Having sold him the murder weapon makes you an accessory to uxoricide.
We won't take up the problem.
He pushed the stalled car with all his might.
He seldom, if ever, reads a book.
She ran away with the eggs.
Fire!, he cried.
It's across the street.
Tom isn't particularly bothered about what other people think of him.
Tom told us a funny story.
Do you know that hotel?
I could have been injured.
Let's have a pillow fight.
I haven't read today's newspaper yet.
Tom and his wife wanted to have a child before they were too old.
He bailed on us just when we needed him.
He's quite active for his age.
I am pronouncing Chinese words.
I'm lucky today.
I ordered some books from London.
It was a ship with a crew of 25 sailors.
He rose to the rank of sergeant.
Your watch is on the desk.
You should have nothing to complain about.
Chile is waiting for your return!
After they had finished their work, they went out.
It's a stupid tradition.
He taught his children Russian.
Are you here to arrest me?
Meat should not be eaten raw.
Tom shut the lid.
I eat an apple and she eats bread.
Today, I finally came to terms with myself; I accepted myself.
Where does all that noise come from?
Can your wife drive?
She began to cry again.
My car is at your disposal.
A drunken man was sleeping on the bench.
The candidate made a quick response to the criticism.
My success was due to your help.
That's welcome news.
I can't get that out of my mind.
I've never trusted him and I never will.
Jean Reno is my favorite actor.
Passengers should board the train now.
The property is mine.
My little son can drive a car.
He doesn't like to speak in public.
Some people were born to make others miserable.
The press is interested in his private life.
What is a computer?
It wasn't a threat.
She's interested in fashion.
He'll arrive in the evening of the fifth.
He is a scientist who is respected by everybody.
Who's on duty today?
Stop! You're making him cry.
Stop! You're making him cry.
Stop! You're making him cry.
Stop! You're making him cry.
Stop! You're making her cry.
Stop! You're making her cry.
Stop! You're making her cry.
Stop! You're making her cry.
You don't have a clue.
You don't have a clue.
You don't have a clue.
You don't have a clue.
I'm sick of school.
Wake me up.
Wake me up.
You should have told me in advance.
It has been cold since yesterday.
Tom will not starve.
I wish you luck.
Please promise me that you'll never lie to me again.
Tom is not to be trusted.
That's a stupid rule.
This is a stupid idea.
Summer is coming.
You're the owner.
His criticisms were very severe.
What do you want to study at college?
What do you want to study?
What do you want to study?
What foreign language do you study in your school?
You've been studying this problem for a while. What do you think the solution is?
What subjects do you study at school?
What subjects do you study at school?
Everything has an end.
Richard Of York Gave Battle In Vain.
We're fine.
We're bored.
Tom is stupid.
There are students in the library.
The danger has passed.
She did nothing but look around.
His advice was very helpful.
This bomb can kill a lot of people.
We're resting naked in the warm sand.
I can't believe you're eating what the doctor told you not to eat.
He's now aboard the ship.
I hope we will be able to keep in touch.
I don't like it when you swear.
We all live under the same sky, but we don't all have the same horizon.
He has been to many places.
I take a taxi to the train station once or twice a week.
You are my angel.
Our relationship is like an adventure.
My mom told me that I was fat.
My mom told me that I was fat.
I'm a good swimmer.
She spends a lot of money when she goes abroad.
Nobody hates my country.
I have a whole lot of ideas.
To my sorrow, my father cannot attend the meeting.
Tom ruined my life.
What's your favorite sport?
What's your favorite fairy tale?
Consider the facts.
Everybody's told me I can't trust you.
We'll manage it.
We'll win.
Tom abandoned them.
I can't wait to see him.
They sent up a balloon.
I got remarried.
I got married again.
I can get someone to cover for me.
I'll put you through to the president.
Help me pick out a tie to go with this suit.
I really understand what you mean.
They start believing their own con.
I work in the field of art.
We didn't try.
Tom was about to make the most important phone call of his life.
Call me every few days, and in that way we can keep in touch if something happens.
How does the moon shine at night?
I like to bring my daughters to the park.
Tom took off his coat and threw it on the floor.
How long is the flight?
Nobody wants to look stupid.
Tom told us another one of his stupid jokes.
I'm not afraid of lightning.
Had I the money, I would immediately acquire this computer.
May I kiss you?
No one has yet found the fountain of youth.
Tom was complaining of back pain.
Tom was complaining of back pain.
There is no distance on this earth as far away as yesterday.
It rarely snows in this area.
My mother wrote to me and asked after my health.
The fish is hiding under the rocks.
We prefer to stay here.
I must find the answer.
She thinks that European cars are better than American cars.
Hunger knows no law.
Swimming is easy.
You can't swim.
Why do you buy this all the while knowing you'll never use it?
Do you have a red pencil?
Wet firewood doesn't burn well.
Iron is more useful than gold.
He has some literary talent.
I need ice.
He has a tight schedule.
He hates Halloween.
It had been raining for week until yesterday.
Tom is trying to lose weight.
Is there some reason you're saving these old bottles?
Do you think these letters are worth saving?
Tom was making a lot of noise.
Worrying is like paying a debt you don't owe.
Many people respect you. Don't let them down.
I didn't sell Tom my car.
Roses are my favorite flowers.
Who did you hear this news from?
Who did you hear this news from?
How much did you pay for this?
How much did you pay for this?
How much did you pay for that?
He was framed on a murder charge.
I tried to warn her.
I tried to warn him.
The final exams are approaching.
I have been learning English for five years.
What if she's wrong?
What if he's wrong?
What if they're wrong?
What if you're wrong?
What if you're wrong?
Tom danced.
You danced.
They were dancing.
I'm very lonely.
I don't want the ring.
She seldom gives way to tears.
I will listen to your chest. Breathe deeply, please. Now hold your breath.
We have 30 minutes.
What the fuck is going on here?
It brings a beacon of hope.
Your brother needs help.
I have the opposite problem.
I was going to go.
I was going to go.
Let's put off the meeting until next Friday.
I'm delighted to meet you.
She got him a new hat.
I fell asleep while watching TV.
I fell asleep while watching TV.
He always tries to trip people up.
She was very rude to him.
Is the customer always right?
He wanted to destroy it.
Weddings are expensive.
I'll be in the lab.
Her voice was shaking with anger.
He's a lone wolf.
Take your hands off my neck.
I've been dreaming of this trip for a long time.
Tom sleeps on the bottom bunk.
In case of a fire, use the stairs.
Paris wouldn't be Paris without the Eiffel Tower.
You woke me.
You woke me.
You woke me.
As a whole, the plan seems to be good.
His story aroused my suspicion.
I think I agree.
Where's my ring?
Where's your gun?
Where's your hat?
Who cares anyway?
I'm accustomed to this.
I'm accustomed to this.
Where's my hat?
Where's my computer?
Have you become an angel?
Have you become an angel?
Who's getting married?
How many people were present at the meeting?
I'm not wearing that dress.
Tom hates to work late on Friday.
He is old enough to drive a car.
I cooked breakfast.
I made breakfast.
Do you really think I'm stupid enough to believe that?
Do you really think I'm stupid enough to believe that?
Could you please get some more paper from the stockroom? We ran out.
Could you get some more paper from the stockroom? We ran out.
Could you get some more paper from the stockroom? We ran out.
Are you trustworthy?
Can you swim at all?
Come out peacefully.
Consider my request.
Do you want to rest?
A cold wind blew in.
You have to make the right choice.
You have to make the right choice.
The child is suffering from the heat.
Put your hands out.
Put your hands out.
We made a mistake.
They were wrong.
We were mistaken.
Tom was mistaken.
You were wrong.
Stop yelling. My head hurts.
Don't argue with me.
Don't be noisy here.
Don't get in my way.
Don't hide in there.
Don't you all agree?
Everyone kept quiet.
It is exactly the same thing, just absolutely different.
You're not here, so I'm really sad.
Come down!
Come down!
I think you're wasting your time.
I think you're wasting your time.
I can win this time.
I can't change that.
Cats usually hate dogs.
Don't fret.
Don't fret.
You're an idiot!
I have a date.
Do I have a choice?
Are you blind?
Are you blind?
Are you blind?
Are you blind?
I want to keep that.
Why don't you take your coat off?
Why don't you take your coat off?
Why don't you take your coat off?
Why don't you take your coat off?
He let go of the rope.
Turn in your homework.
You don't have a fever.
Tom won't be in time.
Not everyone agrees with you.
Not everyone agrees with you.
Parents are always worried about the future of their children.
That's not my signature.
I made a fool of myself.
I made a fool of myself.
I really like hard boiled eggs.
I paid for these tickets.
He found out the secret.
I refused to believe it.
I refused to believe it.
It is obvious that that is a lie.
You can count on her.
She is a reliable person.
He's a reliable man.
He's an absolute fool.
I prefer to eat alone.
Tom is still in the library.
I didn't bring them.
I don't accept that.
I don't forgive you.
I don't mind paying.
I enjoy a challenge.
I feel like dancing.
I gave Tom a chance.
I got your messages.
I hate being a boss.
I hate being stupid.
I hate these things.
I have hunger pangs.
I heard the message.
I helped Tom escape.
I just saw the news.
I just want to rest.
I know when to quit.
I forgot my briefcase.
I ran away in a hurry.
She's the closest thing to family he has.
I need to study math.
I stepped on a nail.
I think I can do it.
I tried to warn you.
I use that computer.
I won't be offended.
I won't let this happen.
I'd appreciate that.
I didn't see who was driving.
I feel like a complete idiot.
I decided to leave the hotel.
I think Tom could accomplish just about anything he decides to do.
Our teacher reminded us not to forget our homework.
Get my rifle.
Don't buy it.
Do your best.
Deal with it.
Count me out.
Bring him in.
Be quiet now.
Act your age.
Bring a date.
I'll save you a seat in the front row.
I prefer to go alone.
I prefer to go alone.
I prefer to go alone.
I prefer to go alone.
I doubt Tom is really a doctor.
She's gone on a trip.
Everybody's a suspect.
He's so stupid.
The year the war ended, I was born.
Return home?! I prefer to stay here!
Tom revealed his secret.
Please give me a hug.
I hate to see you like this.
I hate to see you like this.
I hate to see you like this.
I hate to see you like this.
I'll go to the park.
I'm extremely sorry.
I'm getting worried.
I'm leaving tonight.
I thought so at first.
I don't see much choice.
I'm so proud of you.
Tom died of a broken heart.
Is Tom still aboard?
Is it Japanese food?
Tom died a natural death.
I can hear you loud and clear.
I can hear you loud and clear.
I can hear you loud and clear.
I don't think it was an accident.
Are you seriously thinking that you can get away with that?
Is this your pencil?
It may take a while.
It smells wonderful.
It was getting dark.
It's getting cloudy.
I have a friend who's a pilot.
How do you want your eggs?
He was finally arrested.
That's pretty surprising.
Tom needs help.
I'm leaving on Sunday.
Let Tom come aboard.
Make yourself useful.
Make yourself useful.
I want to retire.
He leveled his gun at me.
Tom seems so lonely.
She has been busy preparing for her trip to the U.S.
Tom will handle the details.
May I be of service?
May I interrupt you?
Never trust anybody.
Please stop walking.
I had a good time yesterday.
This is the first time I've ever accepted a gift from a customer.
She painted a wall.
Bring your sister next time.
Bring your sister next time.
She is reluctant to marry him.
I don't want to discuss it anymore.
I keep studying languages.
The view from the hotel was very beautiful.
Are you really that stupid?
She looks sad.
He was surrounded by the crowd.
It's hard to be modest when you are the best.
She had no more paper.
It was raining when I woke up, but by afternoon the sky had cleared up and the sun was shining.
Tom is wearing a new coat.
Are you the new assistant?
Are you the new assistant?
Tom was wearing a new hat.
Maybe I need a new assistant.
Tom is going to buy a new computer.
Tom has just bought a new computer.
Tom is learning a new technique.
Tom wanted to make some new friends.
When did you get this new furniture?
When did you get this new furniture?
It's good to try new things once in a while.
Maybe it's time for you to get a new computer.
I told you, I disagree.
Do you agree or disagree?
Who disagrees with us?
I'd like to eat something.
This stain won't come out.
Tom was sitting on a wall and looking out at the ocean.
That would be fun.
That's not uncommon.
The roses smell nice.
That's pretty funny.
That's welcome news.
That's what's funny.
This firm manufactures cars at the rate of two hundred per day.
This firm manufactures cars at the rate of two hundred per day.
The choice is yours.
The choice is yours.
That which we call a rose by any other name would smell as sweet.
These implements are in common use.
Nobody can disrupt true friendships.
Needless to say, theft was a rare occurrence.
Tom is a good customer.
I must cook breakfast for her.
Don't worry. I'll never leave you.
Lorry is good at swimming.
He hates his neighbour.
He ran away with the money.
This is a terrible mistake.
I met him in January.
Tom is in denial.
Tom is good at painting.
This is a waste of time.
I ordered you a drink.
I ordered you a drink.
Tom couldn't believe his luck.
My home is separated from his by a river.
Please don't make much noise.
Tom can't figure out how to get the box open.
Laws differ from state to state in the United States.
Don't ask me such difficult questions.
Forever and always! replied the little white rabbit.
I'm looking for my hat.
There is no need for you to stay here.
My kid brother is twelve.
Mr. Smith is an acquaintance of hers.
I have to ask you a question.
Don't tell on me.
Some mental illnesses already have a cure.
Can I stay at your place? I have nowhere to go.
Who's taking responsibility for this?
I have a good opinion of the young candidate.
Don't worry about the cost.
Don't worry about the cost.
Her large income enables her to go to Paris every year.
He had a bitter experience.
Flap your wings or die.
How many guards were there?
That's an incredible story.
I want to talk to you about last night.
I want to talk to you about last night.
We should respect our parents.
His brother went to the station to see him off.
She is out now.
I left a message.
Why didn't you tell me in advance?
Why didn't you tell me in advance?
I am 12 years old.
I'm twelve.
When did you retire?
I shouldn't have gone to bed so late yesterday.
There'll be trouble.
There's no elevator.
Stop wasting my time.
We're just wasting time.
That was a waste of time.
Stop wasting your breath.
Stop wasting your breath.
It's a big waste of time.
It's just a waste of time.
This is a waste of my time.
This is all a waste of time.
This is such a waste of time.
Please stop wasting our time.
That would be a waste of time.
That was a total waste of time.
This is obviously a waste of time.
It was a waste of time and effort.
Tom told me I was wasting his time.
Let's not waste time arguing about it.
Let's not waste any more time on this.
I'm afraid that would be a waste of time.
The boy said a wolf would come.
Maybe Tom doesn't want you to worry.
A spark would be enough to burn a forest.
That store is exceptionally expensive.
He assisted me with my business.
You hate me.
They don't trust me.
I didn't realize that the cost of living was so high in Australia.
Don't fret about it.
Don't worry about this.
His words wounded Meg.
Why are we fighting?
A crow is as black as coal.
At least you have options.
Is Tom able to drive a truck?
I have been to Australia once when I was in college.
Tom was the one who turned on the lights.
Let's move on.
The meeting kicks off around 9 o'clock in the morning.
I am the angel of death and I have come to get you all.
You should ask for permission first.
You should ask for permission first.
We must consider these matters as a whole.
A father shouldn't shirk his responsibilities to his children.
What's the name of that piece?
Even smart people sometimes do stupid things.
Even smart people sometimes do stupid things.
You've been singing that same stupid song for three days.
Everybody does stupid stuff like that in high school.
Do you have any idea how stupid this makes you look?
If you do that, you're going to look pretty stupid.
Just promise me that you won't do anything stupid.
Maybe it was stupid of me to think that Tom would really help us.
I've made more than one stupid mistake in my life.
Try to make sure Tom doesn't do something stupid.
Tom has been asking stupid questions all morning.
People might think you're stupid if you do that.
The dress comes to my knees.
The weather was not only cold, it was also damp.
I can't eat all this.
I can't eat raw eggs. They have to be cooked.
I can't eat more.
I can't eat all this.
My brother swims well.
The suspect was hiding out in the mountains for three weeks.
You're a funny one.
Tom put two sugar cubes in his tea.
He receives a high salary.
The dream continues.
She prefers quiet music.
She prefers quiet music.
Excuse me, have you got a light?
This is today's newspaper.
I didn't want to bug you.
I didn't want to bug you.
The beard's gone!
I did not say that I wasn't mistaken.
He took care of his mother after his father's death.
You're such an idiot!
You're such an idiot!
You're such an idiot!
How lucky I am that the Russian members of the project are so kind. They're always around, they always help me. Thanks!
He added a little sugar to the coffee.
I know who killed the police inspector.
It was stupid. We never should've done it.
You shouldn't worry.
I'm glad we've had this chance to talk.
How long has this been going on?
It snowed a good deal last night.
They're not excited.
You've done your homework.
You've done your homework.
Who is the leader of the group?
I heard Tom snapping his fingers.
I want eggs.
I am so stupid. I hate myself.
Tom won't live long.
I had to climb over the fence.
She has never danced with him.
What time do you close?
Which club do you want to join?
I need information.
I love it here.
They won't mind.
I will fight.
I will fight.
It's still dark.
Your nose is running.
We're not wrong.
Run and hide.
Run and hide.
Turn it on.
Turn it on.
Take my coat.
Take my coat.
Turn it on.
Turn it on.
Try to guess.
Try to guess.
Take a wild guess.
We'll need that.
It's not bad.
I'll get ice.
How much did you have to pay Tom to get him to shovel the snow off your roof?
Is that a request or an order?
I don't want to have to worry about you.
How do you get your children to eat vegetables?
If Tom goes swimming, so will I.
Give help to anyone who needs it.
I don't need your permission to do this.
I don't need your permission to do this.
I made a complete fool of myself.
Don't make me do this.
I hate being old.
I have the house all to myself.
Thank you for the warning.
Thank you for the warning.
She will pay for this.
Tom is kidding.
Tom is leaving.
Tom is lonely.
Tom's missing.
Tom swims.
I study Esperanto.
She advised him to fasten his seat belt.
I'm the owner of this restaurant.
Be punctual.
Be punctual.
We chop wood every day.
The soup is terribly hot.
They're in trouble.
I'm depending on you.
I'm depending on you.
I'm depending on you to help me.
Tom is depending on you.
Tom is depending on you.
Look at that picture.
Look at that picture.
Look at the picture.
Look at the picture.
People often fall asleep while reading.
He seems to be honest.
I flew above the clouds.
It's to your advantage.
The meat is raw.
I do work related to computers.
I told her to stop.
I'm not taking no for an answer.
I really appreciated it.
Tom made a terrible decision.
Tom was crafty.
Some of these apples are bad.
My whole body began to shake.
Have you reserved a hotel room? "Sorry, not yet."
I hate guys like that.
I hate guys like that.
Did that really cost you three hundred dollars?
I'm sure I won't be of much help.
I'm sure I won't be of much help.
Where is the post office?
I hate shopping.
You may use my car at any time.
You may use my car at any time.
He didn't acknowledge defeat.
I'm getting married next Sunday.
Tom is giving a concert at the end of this month.
Her older sister got married last month.
People are dying.
My favorite translation is this one.
I don't need advice from anyone.
Do you want to send a message?
Do you have any Japanese magazines?
I like to check my Facebook account.
The lid of this box won't lift.
She told me that she wanted a pet dog.
Please help me. I'm dying.
Stop it or I'll scream!
Stop now or I'll scream!
You're making a fool of yourself.
They have nowhere to go.
Do you believe in angels?
Do you believe in angels?
Most of the people in this town are on vacation.
He gets a good salary.
Some things in life are beyond our ability to control.
How tall is she?
We're on a tight schedule today.
Please help me. I'm dying.
Everybody makes mistakes, don't they?
Everybody makes mistakes, don't they?
She's got the best grades.
This is a genius.
Winter is coming.
I see a white lion.
It's dark in this room.
Please buy a few apples.
Translating is not nearly as easy as many people might think.
There's no reason to complain.
Tom was killed by the husband of the woman he had been hanging out with.
Everyone looked on me as a leader.
My spoon is very large.
Can you guess what I'm thinking?
She's old, ugly and fat.
Don't you do this to me.
I don't have any choice.
I'm going to puke.
Ken can swim well.
We saw him walking across the street.
This is my favorite fairy tale.
I need this more than you.
I need this more than you.
I can trust him.
I can trust her.
We can trust him.
We can trust her.
You can trust him.
I can trust Tom.
You can trust Tom.
We can trust Tom.
You can trust Tom.
Can you add these numbers?
Where's the post office?
Do we have time for a cup of coffee?
Everybody is relying on you.
Everybody is relying on you.
I can't eat.
I have a Japanese car.
There is no escape from fate.
Oh my God!
She spends all of her money on clothes.
She's not stupid.
The week is over.
I hope your day was great!
Tom has already won.
You will be proud of me.
You're going to be proud of me.
Seven policemen were killed.
I fully agree with all of you.
You don't impress me.
You're going to be proud of me.
You will be proud of me.
I never drove a car until I was thirty.
Tom asked me if I wanted to dance.
Some officials may have been corrupted.
Am I pronouncing this correctly?
He is in his library.
She kissed him on the forehead.
My grandmother suffers from osteoporosis.
I hate it when people ask me stupid questions.
Birds fly south in the winter.
The leaves on the trees change color in the fall.
We took the elevator down to the basement.
We only use our basement for storage.
We keep things like that in a locked room in the basement.
Tom was born on a plane.
Tom was born on a boat.
Tom is acting strange.
They're dancing.
Her face beamed with joy.
Her face beamed with joy.
This bomb could destroy the whole world.
As I told you before, Tom can't be trusted.
As I told you before, Tom can't be trusted.
I hate the sun.
Did you swim in the waters of awesomeness when younger?
The baby likes milk.
The raven is as black as coal.
I have a date tomorrow night.
The end of the summer is here.
The article is terrible.
Do you rest on Sundays?
Tom fell asleep during class.
She was killed by her own sister.
Can I hug you?
We weren't able to buy tickets, so we didn't go to the concert.
I'm looking forward to seeing you dance.
These blankets are very warm.
Brazil is located in South America.
Better to be deaf than to hear that.
The dog was hit by a truck.
He readily agreed to my proposal.
She earned it.
Can I give you a hug?
Can I give you a hug?
Can I give you a hug?
What was her reaction?
The cloud is grey.
What colour is the cloud?
Computers have no family.
In the near future, space travel will no longer be just a dream.
I didn't recognize him at first.
What time will the train arrive in Yokohama?
If a tree dies, plant another in its place.
I was very worried about her.
What do you want to cook today?
I have no desire to argue with you.
Where are the dishes?
Do you have a match?
What's in the truck?
His clothes are out of fashion.
He's a very nice guy.
A dog is sleeping on the porch.
Bill's work is selling cars.
I'm waiting for a very important call.
I'm not as creative as Tom.
I can't wait to see you again.
I had no choice but to agree.
You can't win, Tom.
Mary trusts me.
Zurich is the second largest gold market in the world after London.
Do you think he still keeps my letters?
Tom just stood there watching everybody dance.
Do you still have the notes I gave you?
She arrived too early.
The child painted flowers.
The sun appeared on the horizon.
Take your passport with you, just in case.
Only a thief knows the ways of a thief.
I brought you some ice.
I wasn't being serious.
I loved both the movie I saw today and the one I saw yesterday.
The grandfather told the grandsons.
Don't touch the computer.
Tell them that they're wrong.
Tom had no place else to go.
The picture reminds me of my happy school days.
They don't want to die.
I owe you an explanation.
Why do you hate me so much?
My neighbor is a kleptomaniac.
Tom did well on the exam.
Thank you for the beautiful roses.
That candle isn't white.
This book will transform your life.
It's not very fun.
It went off with its tail between its legs.
He has invited me to attend his wedding.
You never gave me a chance.
It made me a little sad.
Why is Tom learning French?
I'm sad now.
Love doesn't forgive.
Everything went better than I had expected.
Beggars cannot be choosers.
The bus stopped and we got on.
Tom did well on his French test.
Please give me a cup of tea.
I deserved that promotion.
I'm just rambling.
Why did I hate to write essays?
My dream is to go to Japan.
He survived his wife for many years.
Tom is so fat he can hardly walk.
If I were a boy, I could join the baseball team.
The news can't be true.
His family lacks for nothing.
Tom sat in the waiting room reading a magazine.
Something must be wrong with the machinery.
I should call the police and have you arrested.
Tom forgot to lock his car.
Tom got up early in the morning and swam.
We surveyed the view from the top of the hill.
Tom loves talking about sports.
We've bought three hours at best.
Tom thinks you want me to pay for it.
He warned his sister about that man.
Don't call me that, she said softly.
You two are so cute.
I think Tom is a terrible father.
Where's my briefcase?
Are you unhappy, Tom?
Why are you two always fighting?
I told him the big news.
I'm glad I was wrong.
We're sorting it out.
Before you go play, do your homework.
I assume the two of you know each other.
Good night! It's time for little girls to go to bed.
Please keep this money for me.
There's a secret base on the moon.
Tom goes swimming about once a week.
The concert will take place next spring.
I took my shoes off and threw them out the window.
I want to warn you.
I want to warn you.
I have nothing to do with the scandal.
I'll take you to Tom.
He made a linguistic study of languages.
That's really stupid.
Are we leaving soon?
The apple that I found is green.
It's snowing today and it's amazing!
It's snowing today and it's amazing!
What should I feed my dog?
What should I feed my dog?
I was unable to prevent this.
I was just blowing off steam.
He was a great statesman in life.
I have a bad imagination.
Tom is the leader.
I got good grades when I was in college.
His name is Tom and he lives next to the post office.
Oh my God! You're so stupid!
I can teach you how to love children.
Computers are capable of doing very complicated work in a split second.
Tom set the bird free.
I don't want to discuss it.
You're unlucky.
No autumn fruit without spring blossom.
There is only one pillow.
Older people are often afraid of trying new things.
This apple is sweet.
You are crazy if you continue to work in that place.
The apple fell from the tree.
An apple fell to the ground.
The apples are red.
Tom signed the documents.
They're our clients.
I'm not going to kiss you.
You may need this.
Show me the way.
They're very useful.
I feel it now.
English is spoken in Canada.
Tom put on his coat and left.
Now get out of my room.
Now get out of my room.
How much did you pay?
Tom learned how to swim when he was three.
I allowed Tom to kiss me.
They're brown.
I have no idea who she is.
We're not crazy.
I'm almost done with the report.
Where are the wolves?
Would you mind if I drive?
You'd better stop doing that.
Tom told me he didn't need my help.
Are you proud of your father?
Don't trust anyone here.
Do you want a drink? "No, thanks. I'm driving."
He couldn't help laughing at it.
Tom is telling his children a bedtime story.
Put on your glasses.
Put on your glasses.
Everybody has secrets.
We have to think about our children and our grandchildren.
We have to think about our children and our grandchildren.
When did you receive the telegram?
When did you receive the telegram?
You can't rely on me in this matter.
You look stupid.
We lack nothing.
He likes not only music but sports.
The church is in the middle of the village.
It's even very cold in May.
What's your favorite place to vacation in Japan?
Who is this mysterious man?
Who is this mysterious man?
What are your intentions?
Tom tried to kiss Mary.
Tom tried to kiss Mary.
Your father would have been very proud of you.
Marriage changes people.
It's in my jacket pocket.
It's in my jacket pocket.
It's in my jacket pocket.
This performance has ended.
I wanted to make a good first impression.
I wanted to make a good first impression.
Tom called me fat.
Tom called me a fool.
Birds fly with their wings.
He committed one crime after another.
You don't have to hurry.
You're being very rude.
You know Tom can't win.
Do you think I'm kidding?
Who answered the phone?
This translation is better than that one.
I'll bet you that you're wrong about that.
You have a great smile.
You look like a monkey.
You're a mean old woman.
Tom arrived just in time to catch the train.
Angela Merkel is a German politician.
The pink pillow is clean.
This book is useful.
This changes things.
Sad movies always make me cry.
That is the duty of the police.
Angela Merkel is a German politician.
Cats that are completely white with blue eyes are always, or nearly always, deaf.
I can't risk that.
His words hurt her feelings.
I went to the park last Sunday.
My father serves in the Foreign Ministry.
I need more information about how to use this new software.
I don't have all the details yet.
In comparison with this, that is far better.
Sad movies always make me cry.
If you want to change people, you must love them.
You have only to follow the directions.
He's a foreigner.
I attended the meeting in place of him.
He tells us secrets.
You didn't trust me.
Tom couldn't swim.
I'm not creative.
This is yesterday's newspaper. Where's today's?
According to today's paper, there was a fire in the city.
Show me today's paper.
Bring me today's paper.
Bring me today's paper.
He wouldn't have managed without Philippe.
We swam for a few hours.
Tom looks a little tired.
Tom looks a little tired.
Monkeys are intelligent.
Are you an idiot?
Are you stupid?
They are wearing expensive rings.
Was the president in favor of the plan?
This coat doesn't have pockets.
I want to go out with him.
She has the big room entirely to herself.
Where do you buy vegetables?
Guess who I saw today.
Tom fell asleep and missed the end of the movie.
I'm not as interested in politics as you are.
It was so hot I took my coat off.
Tom arrived at the hotel.
Why do you hide your thoughts?
It may give rise to serious trouble.
You have to help me escape.
This medicine will ensure you a good night's sleep.
You lost your chance.
The weather is terrible.
Sit down on the bench.
I'll quit.
Mr Smith has gone out to lunch.
What horrible weather! It's been raining all day.
They all respect him.
Good luck. You'll need it.
Does Laurie have a computer?
She studies French, but I study Flemish.
I don't care. I hate him.
He sat at a distance from me.
I want to sign the contracts.
I want to sign the contracts.
I think Tom is impolite.
You should've warned me.
You should've warned me.
Stop that truck.
They finished building the bridge on time.
We're all very proud of you.
The referee showed him the yellow card.
I work for three hours every Saturday morning.
The metro's not on the left, so it's on the right.
This will help you sleep.
Everything was pointing to this answer.
Tom was so cold his teeth were chattering.
She argues for the sake of arguing.
I didn't know you couldn't drive.
I hate sand.
I hate sand.
Do you like to cook Japanese foods?
He is an environmentalist.
I don't understand why she is opposed to my opinion.
They do anything in order to win.
We saved you a seat.
It would be stupid to go on my own.
Can I see your license, please?
I left Tom a couple messages.
The sun on the horizon is wonderful.
I want ten plates.
Please tell me that's not a bomb.
Please tell me that's not a bomb.
I will never fall in love again.
I paid for it already.
Japanese forces marched into Burma.
The old man sat surrounded by the children.
If I had money, I'd buy a computer.
They heard it on the radio.
We must not speak in the library.
People are funny.
My sister studied to be a stenographer. She still uses shorthand sometimes when she takes notes.
Can I get another blanket?
You got here in time.
That tie goes well with your shirt.
Tom showers every morning before breakfast.
He seldom, if ever, goes to the cinema.
Hey, you! Come here.
This is a woman who we can trust.
This hat is mine.
The taste of sugar is too noticeable.
Do it the best you can.
What's the destination?
I no longer need it.
I no longer need it.
Our cow does not give milk to us.
My dream is to be a doctor.
You're running a fever.
What changed your mind?
His death has left a vacuum in their lives.
That was a great movie.
I know it sounds silly.
I've got some bad news for you.
People say I'm crazy.
I was kidding before.
Tom thinks I'm crazy.
Words cannot describe it.
Tom hid his weapons.
Is the milk from this deer really good?
This is my Japanese friend.
Tom decided not to go to college.
Teach them how to make a salad.
These things only happen in Sweden.
This flower is more beautiful than that rose.
I hate horror films.
I hate horror films.
Her face turned red.
I have been lucky until now.
What's the next math problem?
They weren't kidding.
There are many truths, but only one reality.
The Germans have won again.
Are you deaf or what?
Are you deaf or what?
Are you deaf or what?
He never wears a tie.
What was Mary's last name before she got married?
Tom never wears a tie.
The lion is called the king of animals.
Hey, wait up.
I'm not fighting.
I'm not insane.
I'm not leaving.
I'm not lonely.
I'm not miserable.
Nobody can change history, although many have tried.
Change your thoughts, and you change your world.
Could I ask you something?
I'm an agent.
You're very rude.
You're very rude.
You're very rude.
You are wonderful.
You are wonderful.
You're too modest.
You're too modest.
You're too modest.
You're too modest.
You're strict.
You're strict.
You're stupid.
You're stupid.
You're such a pig.
Since when have you been able to feel the movement of the fetus?
Tom talks a lot.
Fortune favors the bold.
How much did we pay Tom the last time?
I don't want to do this, but you leave me no choice.
Tom pointed to one of the pictures and said, "Who's that?"
I won't try to escape.
I had no choice but to do what Tom told me to do.
No one has the right to tell you how to live your life.
I hate coffee.
No one has the right to tell you what to do.
No one has the right to tell me what to do.
No one has the right to tell me what I can and can't do with my body.
No one has the right to tell me how I can spend my own money.
No one has the right to tell me what kinds of clothes I can wear.
No one has the right to tell me who I can and can't love.
No one has the right to tell you how to act.
No one asks to be born.
He is proud that his father was a famous scientist.
Have you finished breakfast yet?
There can be no human society without conflict.
I tried to change the subject, but they went on talking about politics.
Mr Brown is our English teacher.
I hope you don't say something stupid.
I knew Tom would say something stupid.
The park was empty.
Hand me my hat.
Hand me my hat.
It was really dark.
How did he behave?
Let's conceal this secret from him.
I can't trust anyone anymore.
He's trying to use you. Don't marry him!
I wouldn't trust them.
Have you guys seen the news?
You look like a tourist. "But I am a tourist!"
Tom, your father asked you a question.
That will buy us some time.
You broke your arm.
You can't run away.
I didn't mean to give you that impression.
Wait in the waiting room.
You must be a fool.
You were right and I was wrong.
I can swim as well as you.
Thank you for the wonderful dinner.
Tom doesn't trust us.
It'll cost $300 to fix it.
This is a bomb.
I don't want to have kids, but I want to get married.
The class went wild.
There was a big fire in my neighborhood.
Am I supposed to be at the meeting on Monday?
Am I supposed to be at the meeting on Monday?
I know a great restaurant in the area. It's not too pricey and the food is delicious.
I don't want to get married, but I want to have kids.
Tom was so stressed out that he started losing his hair.
I ate apples.
Tom sent me a text message in the middle of the night.
Call Tom, but don't tell him what really happened. Tell him it was an accident.
I'm not good at public speaking.
She arrived there before you.
When she saw me, she ran away.
There are themes that are always present in his books.
Look at how big it is! "Oh my God!"
Love is stronger than hatred.
Oh my God, I so hate this movie!
What's your favorite skin care product?
White wine is the usual companion of fish.
The yin is feminine and the yang is masculine.
She devoted her life to music.
Currently in this area there are no active hostilities.
Russians know everything about bears.
Wounded bears are usually very dangerous.
You don't have to go to the dance if you don't want to.
I will soon catch up with you.
I will soon catch up with you.
I will soon catch up with you.
You can use my car.
Even though Tom grew up near the ocean, he never learned how to swim.
What have you done to my computer?
You have an assistant, right?
Tom is sitting on the bench.
Tom is sitting on the fence.
Can I sit down for a minute?
Would you mind if I sat here?
Tom is sitting on his bunk.
Do you mind if I sit down?
He heard the dog barking.
This sentence is a lie.
Good job, Captain Obvious.
You were terrible.
You broke the law.
You broke the law.
You broke the law.
You broke your leg.
You taught me that.
Some have lost faith in democracy.
He dedicated his book to his wife.
No one can escape.
I suspect something is up.
Do not go near them.
Don't argue.
Control yourselves.
I had my watch stolen yesterday.
All of my kids want to learn how to speak French.
Tom wrote down our names.
Nobody owns the moon.
Tom is swimming now.
We have a choice now.
Tom is a pushover.
I felt something crawling on my back.
We ordered the meal.
She took full responsibility for her actions.
I'm not in a position to discuss that.
He hated school.
He comes home at five thirty.
Tadashi has a soft voice.
My father is retiring next spring.
Do you have a coat and a hat?
You're very funny.
Tom put on his tie.
Tom drives safely.
I will dance on your grave.
Are you blind?
She will clear the table of the dishes.
Tom is in his bedroom.
Tom is in his bedroom.
Tom vacuumed his bedroom.
The table is not in the bedroom.
Tom is in his bedroom.
Bill was in his bedroom.
I have my own bedroom at home.
Pskov is in southern Russia.
My name is easy to remember.
After the fire, the smell of smoke remained in the air for days.
Thanks for your quick reply.
You missed the last train.
He taught me everything I know.
He taught me everything I know.
Your job is to make sure Tom does his job right.
He stole my heart.
Tom seems to be dissatisfied.
Guess where I've been.
Guess where I've been.
Are there dogs that eat raw fish?
My salary was high this month.
I earned a lot of money this month.
When I left the train station, I saw a man.
Most employees expect a pay raise once a year.
For some reason, she couldn't sleep.
I tried twice, but neither try worked.
You'll find it.
You'll find it.
How many phone numbers has she got?
Please help me prepare the food.
Let go of my arm! I can't stand people touching me.
I wouldn't take a glass of water in the desert from you.
You are in favor of the plan, aren't you?
I am in favour of your proposal.
Is the ice cold?
Do you have blankets?
Old habits die hard.
Tom is waiting for a telephone call.
Tom isn't able to drive a car.
You may not smoke in the elevator.
You may not smoke in the elevator.
He is the owner of this land.
He is the owner of this land.
I asked my boss for a pay raise.
My computer is very slow.
I'm rarely this angry.
I'm rarely this angry.
Sign above this line.
You won.
You won.
The new medicine saved his life.
They will hide it.
This is the fruit of your imagination.
This is the fruit of his imagination.
I'm dancing.
Tom works the late shift.
She sings and dances very well.
Can I tell you a secret?
The problem is beyond my grasp.
Can I give you a hug?
He rested and became stronger.
He was expelled from the school.
We shall start after breakfast.
Mr Smith is accused of breach of contract.
It will cost you more to go by plane.
It will cost you more to go by plane.
It's as cold as ice.
It's as cold as ice.
They're the perfect family.
I don't want to wake my neighbors.
She got married in her teens.
Never give up on your dreams.
You will need some help.
Tom can reel off the names of the capitals of all European countries.
You're rude.
You're being rude.
You're rude.
You're rude.
You're rude.
I missed school for six days.
My homework took longer than I expected.
Tom has never driven a car before.
I wish you a long and happy married life.
Lightning is an electrical phenomenon.
It was such a powerful explosion that the roof was blown off.
Tom needs your love.
I can't forgive him for behaving like that.
They named the ship the Mayflower.
How long will this battery last?
I learn Quechua.
Tom is our leader.
She lived there about five years.
We can consider the problem from several standpoints.
We can consider the problem from several standpoints.
We can consider the problem from several standpoints.
Is there a library in the school?
Why didn't you get married?
I have seen angels and talked with them.
I have seen angels and talked with them.
Where did she learn to cook so well?
You will soon be able to swim.
I warned you he was crazy.
Shakespeare's works are frequently considered among the greatest in the English language.
Tom asked me if I could help him with his homework.
She achieved remarkable results.
Our teacher is always on time for class.
You both did fine.
You'll do just fine.
You'll do just fine.
You'd better come in.
I know your secret.
How deep is the abyss?
He studied English history.
He studied English history.
She invited me to her wedding.
Tom is in prison for a crime he didn't commit.
Tom likes Chinese food.
Tom likes Chinese food.
Edison invented many useful things.
Edison invented many useful things.
Tom arrived in time for the meeting.
Try not to look so nervous.
What does his silence imply?
Don't put your things in the passage.
Don't put your things in the passage.
She rarely stays home on Sunday.
There is no such thing as a thornless rose.
There is no such thing as a thornless rose.
There is no such thing as a thornless rose.
Tom wore a new coat to school today.
How much did you win?
I don't want to get married too early.
In legal documents, difficult words and phrases are often used.
We have to get him to the hospital before it's too late.
Tom stood me up.
I carried out Tom's instructions.
I can't wait forever.
He kissed his daughter on the forehead.
He's been taught to accept things as they are.
He's been taught to accept things as they are.
What are you planning to do?
I go to bed at ten as a rule.
You arrived on time.
Fight with me!
Thanks for your support.
I'll teach you French.
They found this.
Her father is a policeman.
He had his car stolen yesterday.
He had his car stolen yesterday.
He had his car stolen yesterday.
Japan has changed significantly in the past 50 years.
I've just arrived at the station.
I tear my clothes when I work in the garden.
I want a cup of coffee and I want it now.
I want some coffee badly.
I want to enter the club.
I want you to help me with my homework.
I want you to help me with my homework.
I want you to help me with my homework.
I have to know what's at stake.
You won't need to worry about that anymore.
It may save your life.
I prefer to forget the past.
This plane flies nonstop to Tokyo.
I tried everything to keep him alive.
She has not a few friends in America.
Got any baccy?
Any clues?
I hope you will hear me out.
I hope you will hear me out.
You've got to hear me out.
I bought a red sports car.
I bought a red sports car.
I prefer to die.
It is nice to have a lot of friends.
The doctor advised Tom to get more sleep.
Why didn't I think of that? "Because you're an idiot."
This building has five elevators.
People make mistakes in a situation like this.
He spoke about the unpleasant story for two hours.
He got good marks in math.
We are sent on a covert mission.
Tom follows orders.
I've betrayed my husband.
The Sahara Desert is almost as large as Europe.
Tom prefers his clothes to be loose-fitting.
The Earth is flat.
All that are tales for idiots.
Would you like a shot of tequila?
Do you have a red pencil?
Every rule has exceptions.
She found us.
I didn't pull the trigger.
We're as hungry as wolves.
I usually eat out.
You aren't going to tell on me, are you?
I was in the middle of reading when I had a call from her.
You can never tell what will happen to us.
What's the secret to success?
What's the secret to success?
Do you still hate Esperanto?
Don't make me say it.
Do you want to know a secret?
Close the hatch.
Close the hatch.
It stopped raining, so they went on with the game.
However, the quantity was not correct.
Taro has a strong sense of responsibility.
We are the new owners.
No one can guess what he's thinking now.
I felt weak in the knees.
A coat is an article of clothing.
We’ll continue after the film.
What're you discussing?
Tom is a nice kid.
Tom is a criminal.
Tom felt homesick.
Tom was wearing a ring.
Tom was walking slowly.
I don't know what you're complaining about.
I don't know what you're complaining about.
It's a great opportunity.
It's a great opportunity.
I've already paid for it.
I've already paid for it.
He learned to swim.
She took him to the lake.
Are you trying to impress me?
Do you want to impress me?
A war is an awful thing.
The girl resembled her mother.
I expect her back by six o'clock.
It's not a bomb.
He is successful in everything.
I won't waste my time.
A cop was killed.
This smells bad, but it tastes good.
Don't worry about it. It's not your problem.
You must not go inside.
I'm really proud of you.
Tom only eats raw food.
We have plenty of time now.
It's a stupid rule.
It's a stupid rule.
He knows Mr. Davidson well.
I spend a lot of time reading.
I'll ask when the train will get in.
I cannot switch the lamp on. The baby is sleeping.
I like milk more than juice.
We were eating eggs.
The library has many books.
My computer's acting strange.
She is leaving at nine o'clock.
Fabio lived for two years in Shanghai.
Time to die.
Who gave you permission?
Who gave you permission?
I have absolutely no idea.
I can't hear you.
I can't hear you.
He could not swim.
Do you mind if I smoke? "Not at all. Go ahead."
Should I drive on the way back?
The consequence was that, she lost a considerable amount of money.
Tom loved the song even though the lyrics were in a language he didn't understand.
They asked his brother to help them with their homework.
I go to bed at 10 p.m.
I don't want to take risks.
You can't trust anyone.
How are we going to get out of here?
In Tatoeba, you gotta always listen to veteran members. They'll tell you what can't be done and why. Then do it.
I'd just like to ask Tom one question.
I don't want to hear any more of your complaining.
Please don't die.
Please don't die.
Please tell me you're joking.
Tom is still not answering his phone.
The train arrived right on time.
I hate everything!
I doubt that she loves you.
I doubt that she loves you.
I don't want to marry you.
I hate you!
I hate you!
I hate everything!
You wouldn't have won without me.
Tom is as deaf as a post.
Tom is as deaf as a post.
It's time for you to go to bed.
He died last year of old age.
He kissed her cheek.
He took off his coat.
He swims better than I do.
He swims better than I do.
The prisoner escaped from jail.
I don't owe Tom any explanations.
I've been to Italy on a study abroad program.
I hate this place.
Why would I tell you where I hide my money?
Why would I tell you where I hide my money?
The conference ended at five.
He always plans a thing out carefully before he does it.
Tom gave me this hat for my birthday.
Tom said that he didn't want to live alone.
Tom said that he didn't want to live alone.
He expressed himself very well in English.
Tom doesn't know how to express his feelings.
It sounds good.
Can you stop yelling?
Can you stop yelling?
Can we count on you?
Can we count on you?
Sir, have you been drinking?
He wouldn't do that to me.
She wouldn't do that to me.
Water is transparent.
I don't have a radio in my room.
We have witnesses.
Tom finished his drink and then ordered another one.
You're very lonely.
You're very lonely.
We have no chance of winning.
We have no chance of winning.
Why don't you want to wear a tie?
Fill this bottle with water.
Don't think I'm joking.
Don't think I'm joking.
I like to participate in this project.
You should stay home and rest for a few days.
You can't talk to me like that.
You've got a fever.
We expect heavy resistance.
Straighten your tie.
Don't ever say her name.
These are the people who saw the explosion.
I added a lot of translations.
This is my cow.
Can you please sign this document?
When was the last time you swam?
Tom isn't lonely now.
Why was this a secret?
The driver is responsible for the safety of the passengers.
You're wrong in this case.
You're wrong in this case.
I don't care about fashion.
Did Tom get my message?
It's still dark outside.
Tom asked a very good question.
There seems no need to hurry.
He knows neither French nor German.
I hate ticks!
Tom knows he's not going to win.
Tom managed to escape through a window.
Tom is asleep in his chair.
Tom said we needed to leave at once.
Tom said he wasn't offended.
Tom said you don't know how to swim.
Tom said you don't know how to swim.
Tom did an excellent job.
Can you clean your bedroom?
I could kiss you.
I could kiss you.
I could kiss you.
I could kiss you.
Fortune has turned in my favor.
I've paid my debt to society.
Tom made me look stupid.
Tom made me look stupid.
I wonder how Tom is holding up.
I haven't bought any furniture yet.
I haven't bought any furniture yet.
There are none so blind as those who will not see.
Many tried to put their feelings into words.
Tom lives somewhere near the park.
I bet you can't guess where I was last night!
I was away for five minutes.
I was away for five minutes.
Tom quickly scanned the manuscript.
Tom proofread my manuscript.
Wake me up at seven.
Canada is not a paradise.
What other choice did I have?
Most people can't tell the difference.
I can't believe we won.
I can't believe we won.
I can't believe you did all this without any help.
I can't believe you did all this without any help.
I can't believe you fell for that.
I can't believe you fell for that.
I can't believe you fell for that.
I can't believe you're getting married.
I can't believe you're getting married.
How frequently do you check your mail?
I know who the killer is.
I know who to call when I need help.
The plane was lost sight of in the clouds.
I hate my new school.
I know you don't care about money.
I know you don't care about money.
I know you had no choice.
I know you had no choice.
Put down your pencil and listen.
I know you hate school.
I know you hate school.
I know you hate weddings.
I know you hate weddings.
Do you have a computer at home?
Do you have a computer at home?
There's some truth to it.
There's some truth to it.
There may be some truth to this.
He was killed by his own brother.
Everything is relative.
Men are all the same.
Wood floats.
She fell asleep.
Tom passed the examination.
Tom managed to pass the examination.
Tom refused to sign the contract.
Tom is watching the evening news.
Tom promised me he would come early.
Don't you agree, Tom?
Tom makes furniture.
Tom didn't protest.
Tom didn't mind.
I trust Tom completely.
I've always trusted Tom.
Is Tom a genius?
Objection, your honor!
Tom accepted the challenge.
This mouse was killed by my cat.
Fishing just isn't my line.
Tom adjusted his tie.
Tom agrees with me.
Tom agrees with you.
Tom agrees with you.
Does Tom disagree?
Tom dances.
Who's going to drive?
Who's going to drive?
Tom will drive.
Tom will drive.
This mouse was killed by my cat.
Do you think we're stupid?
Heroes don't die. Only bad guys do.
I demand an explanation.
Tom should still be in the library.
What made you suspicious?
The woman gave birth to a baby girl.
Has he become crazy?
Has she become crazy?
He didn't know what to do with the scraps of food.
Tom is a professional wrestler.
Tom is a professional wrestler.
I can no longer trust you.
What else do you want to learn?
I'm worried about them.
She waved me aside.
It's not my fault that I hate them all.
You broke your leg.
You broke your arm.
I don't understand people who eat breakfast for dinner.
The Beatles consisted of four musicians.
By evening, a few clouds had formed.
The computer keeps telling me that "an error has occured", but I already know that!
How long ago did you start studying French?
Do you listen to the radio at home every day?
Please take off your hats.
We should take a trip.
We should take a trip.
Tom has earned a lot of money.
I didn't receive your letter until today.
Do you know what friendship is?
We paid a heavy price for this victory.
The bear is big.
It makes little difference.
How much does my debt amount to?
Hey, it's me.
Tell Tom I'll sign the contract.
The mouse is small and all alone.
They are wrong.
She asked him some questions, but he refused to answer.
The exam is difficult.
Do you know how to drive?
Do you know how to drive?
The suspect is armed and dangerous.
Tom changed the subject.
I had to pay in cash.
How could I guess? You change your opinion every three seconds!
If she had trusted you, she wouldn't have done so.
I've been feeling a little restless.
This fear is understandable.
He never pays much attention to what his teacher says.
I've left Tom three messages.
I have nowhere to go.
The plans for the offensive were secret.
Has he lived here for two years?
Tom is no genius.
I haven't got a chance.
I've got to find out where Tom lives.
Remind me that the meeting is on Monday.
Remind me that there is a meeting on Monday.
This article contains some genuinely new ideas.
The difference in their ages is six years.
Where's the Red Cross?
I suppose you're right.
Can you translate this manuscript from French to English?
Can you translate this manuscript from French to English?
I take full responsibility for the action.
Tom took control of the situation.
Tom takes everything too seriously.
Tom still isn't taking us seriously.
Tom took everything too seriously.
I don't want to discuss my problems with you.
I don't want to discuss my problems with you.
They both blushed.
They both blushed.
She never cares about my feelings.
Good fences make good neighbors.
Tom made a mistake.
He says that if he were a bird he would fly to me.
You're making me waste time.
You're making me waste time.
You're making me waste time.
You're making me waste time.
He has what to be respected for.
A "soroban" is a type of Japanese abacus.
Tom started walking down the stairs.
She advised him on what books to read.
You know I don't dance.
You know I don't dance.
She went against her parent's wishes, and married the foreigner.
I will go on a trip.
At first, I thought she was crazy.
Tom spent all weekend reading a historical novel.
I missed the meeting.
Recently, we've been getting a lot of new customers.
It was tough, but worth every drop of sweat.
I'm going to find out what's going on.
However, exceptions have occurred.
Hail and farewell, brother.
Shop till you drop.
An apple fell off the tree.
Don't be a coward.
My parents want grandchildren.
My mother wants grandchildren.
I can't hear a word.
I can't hear a word.
You have to make a choice.
You have to make a choice.
There are a lot of French books in the library.
The doctor advised Tom to have at least three alcohol-free days per week.
Do you agree to our proposal?
Tom wouldn't change his mind.
We all wondered why she had dumped such a nice man.
I prefer red wine to white.
Tom stole my money.
Milk gives me a stomachache.
I did not see her much.
I did not see her much.
One's lifestyle is largely determined by money.
Sorry! I mistakenly clicked on "Send".
Ask a silly question and you'll get a silly answer.
He got away.
We must have missed something.
I like watching Tom dance.
Where are the girls?
It was a silly question.
It was a ridiculous question.
Do you have an explanation?
Tom swims better than I do.
Tom tried to open the car door.
I sat in the waiting room while my dog was getting X-rayed.
When will you leave?
I'm only interested in the truth.
Tom wasn't able to pass the exam.
I prefer to be alone.
I prefer to be alone.
The mail has arrived.
Tom worries too much.
She took off her coat.
We're counting on you for financial help.
I had my doubts about whether that was the right choice.
She worries about my health.
I'll protect you!
I'll protect you!
If you have finished reading the book, return it to the library.
Next time you'll pay for it!
Next time you'll pay for it!
What are they hiding?
What are you drawing?
What are you drawing?
The fruit tastes sweet.
She advised him to read more books.
I won again.
I don't need you telling me how to behave.
You won't need to worry about that again.
You won't need to worry about that again.
I know I'm going to regret this.
His parents hate me.
Her parents hate me.
Parents shouldn't let children be cruel to animals.
His explanation doesn't make sense at all.
Tom won't trouble us again.
Tom asked me when I was going to buy a new computer.
We don't have anything to worry about.
We found out where he lives.
Tom is hiding something from me.
There's nothing more to discuss.
I was looking for something to do.
How many hours a day do you swim?
How many hours a day do you swim?
How old were you when you first started studying French?
How were you able to escape from prison?
How were you able to escape from prison?
I can't be pushed off the path because I don't know where I'm going.
I'm assuming you're American.
Did you inform the post office of the change of your address?
Give my regards to your parents.
I won't sign this.
I'm cultured.
I have had a slight fever since this morning.
John might know something about Mr. Black.
Tom asked too many questions.
Tom needs to lose a bit of weight.
This is the captain speaking.
I am selling a new car.
He demanded a large sum of money from me.
The deadline is approaching.
The reason why I got a bad grade is that I did not study.
Don't you dare cry!
That day was perhaps the first time I'd wondered if I hadn't made a wrong turn on the road of life.
I'm trying to keep you alive.
I'm trying to keep you alive.
I'm trying to keep Tom alive.
Tom promised me he'd come back.
I asked you a question.
I asked you a question.
I asked you a question. "I didn't hear you."
I asked you a question. "I didn't hear you."
I asked you a question. "I didn't hear you."
I asked you a question. "I didn't hear you."
When he kissed me, I felt a shiver run down my spine.
Good work, Tom.
I'm very modest.
I'm very modest.
You must be very proud of your daughter.
You must be very proud of your daughter.
I'm not proud of my daughter.
I'm not proud of my son.
I'm not trying to impress you.
I'm not trying to impress you.
Spring is coming.
I have no choice but to do that.
I have no choice but to do that.
Tom isn't going to argue.
Tom isn't going to change.
I'm not ready to die yet.
I have no fear of flying.
I'm going to the station.
On arriving in the town, he went straight to see her.
Tom doesn't trust you.
Tom doesn't trust you.
Tom doesn't waste time.
Tom won't need that.
Tom clicked his fingers.
Hey Tom, isn't that your cat?
Tom realized he was trapped.
Tom ordered a cup of coffee.
Tom fell asleep on my couch.
Tom doesn't trust any of us.
The children were playing in the middle of the street.
I have great news for you.
I'm glad it's over.
I'm taking a vacation.
I'm starting to worry.
I'm proud of you, Tom.
I'm joking, of course.
I'm joking, of course.
Is he asleep?
I live in Peru.
This place is great.
Luck is blind.
Tom warned me of the danger.
The meeting ended earlier than usual.
The meeting ended earlier than usual.
I have no idea how to use this computer.
Do you like Chinese cuisine?
Do you like Chinese cuisine?
That's the way Tom always does it.
It's a great idea.
Do you think Tom can handle it?
It's been days since Tom left.
Give someone else a chance.
Our negotiations broke off.
Is there a picture of Tom in that album?
We want to give special thanks to Tom.
You're wasting my time.
You're wasting my time.
You're wasting my time.
You're wasting my time.
Half of the students are absent.
Don't let Tom near my kids.
The police arrested the suspect.
Can I ask what you're doing?
May I smoke?
That store sells newspapers and magazines.
I didn't marry him because he is rich.
It's awful, just awful.
I think it's an excellent idea.
I think it'd be great if you could come.
Does Tom know how to dance?
It is just your imagination.
It was stupid of you to believe it.
My computer suddenly stopped working.
My computer suddenly stopped working.
It was stupid of you to believe Tom.
It was stupid of you to believe what Tom said.
It was stupid of you to believe what Tom said.
You won't regret this. I promise.
You won't regret this. I promise.
Who else knows about your secret?
Hand me the briefcase.
I hate that color.
I own this property.
He cannot drive without eyeglasses.
Spring ahead, fall behind.
I ate too much yesterday.
I ate too much today.
I trust her.
That doesn't interest me.
Tom didn't commit those crimes.
I've lived here all my life.
Tom didn't leave a message.
Tom is in terrible danger.
Tom is a terrible singer.
What's on your plate?
They don't respect me.
They don't trust Tom.
Tom is hiding.
We're hiding.
I'm hiding.
He aspired to be a famous actor.
He aspired to be a famous actor.
Put the child to sleep.
She passed the exam.
I want to send a telegram.
I'd like to send a telegram.
I just can't drive all of these thoughts out of my head.
Do you trust anyone?
Do you trust anyone?
He tends to talk too much.
They became silent.
Tom would be proud of you.
Tom would be proud of you.
The girl released the birds from the cage.
Tom, will you stop that?
OK, Tom, you've made your point.
Good lord.
I turned on the lights.
I turned on the lights.
If you drive, don't drink.
You are hearing things.
You are hearing things.
No one's arguing with you.
No one's arguing with you.
What instruments does Tom play?
What instrument does Tom play?
I told you this is how it would end.
I told you this is how it would end.
I've got good news for you.
I've got good news for you.
You can always count on us.
You can always count on us.
I wanted to impress you.
I wanted to impress you.
Who knows how this day will end.
Who knows how this day will end.
I want to make a good first impression.
Tom asked for a cup of coffee.
I never want to retire.
Tom is in no hurry to sell his car.
Tom finally succumbed after weeks of suffering.
Who do you suspect?
Who do you suspect?
What stop is this?
Why were you at the restaurant?
What kind of wine do you recommend?
You'll never regret this.
Hey, guys, it's not funny anymore.
I can't wait to meet him.
I can't wait to meet her.
She looks good for her age.
He looks good for his age.
He hates shopping.
I learned that from you.
Please insert your card.
My dog has got a Danish passport.
Thanks to you I've learnt a lot.
Excuse me, but I have no change.
The house has a dining room, a bedroom and a study.
Also, I can fly.
In addition, I can fly.
Bunnies are so cute.
My dog has got a Danish passport.
I guess you don't really care.
My dog has got a Danish passport.
Can you please correct my translation?
You have wounded my feelings.
The library is open to the public.
I'm thinking about putting my house up for sale.
You're sort of rude.
It is hard for an empty sack to stand straight.
Wolves and dogs are pretty much the same thing, dogs are just domesticated.
I'm going to cause permanent mental scars.
Tom continued to speak.
Tom folded his clothes and put them in his suitcase.
It's silly of you to believe him.
The house fell down a week later.
Down fell the house a week later.
Don't tell me you can't swim.
Don't tell me you can't swim.
That's nothing to worry about.
He woke up in the middle of the night.
Do you have a library in your school?
Did you watch the news?
I've come to take you home.
I walked as far as the station.
It is nothing but an opening of the miramistin production plant in Bagrationovsk.
The higher you go, the lower the temperature.
It was dark.
When will we arrive in Tokyo?
The Germans have won again.
How could you let this happen to me?
All the guests have gone home.
Are you deaf or what?
They're taking us for fools.
Six o'clock is when the big hand is on 12 and the small hand is on 6.
People usually die if you kill them.
Please put me through to Mr Brown.
Just call me "Your Majesty".
I hope I haven't woken you up.
I love my job.
I ate one and then I ate the other.
I ate one and then I ate the other.
I ate one and then I ate the other.
Someday she'll have to pay for what she's done.
Libya is the second largest country in North Africa.
I can't believe you still trust Tom.
Let's eat our food before it gets cold.
You are a good customer.
I believe in fate, but I also know that fate can be changed.
Tom is a hunter.
I saw her swim.
I can't believe you still trust Tom.
Let's eat our food before it gets cold.
You are a good customer.
I believe in fate, but I also know that fate can be changed.
Tom is a hunter.
I saw her swim.
All my friends turned their back on me.
I hope I haven't woken you up.
You're interested in this sort of thing? "No, not really."
I had to change the rules.
I think Tom would agree with me.
I think Tom was trying to warn us about something.
Did you get good marks?
Did you get good marks?
Does the apartment have a balcony?
Forgive me for wasting your time.
She advised him to drink more milk.
Many children learn to use a computer even before entering school.
She is selling a new hat.
She is selling a new hat.
I want you to go upstairs.
I don't want you to make the same mistake I made.
I don't want you to make the same mistake I made.
Do you like it? "The food was better in prison."
I saw a man get hit by a car.
The prisoners tried to escape.
The prisoners were trying to escape.
I have an apple.
He sidestepped the question.
Tom was lucky.
Life would be so much better if you didn't care so much.
Someone's torn a page out of this book.
I don't want to die now.
The war is over.
You're too young to get married.
I punched him in the chin.
I punched him in the chin.
I'm famished.
Salt is necessary for cooking.
Prices continued to rise.
Prices continued to rise.
The room is very dark.
Yesterday I went to the park.
Don't be afraid to make a mistake.
Don't be afraid to make a mistake.
He broke both his legs.
She broke both her arms.
They talked on the phone every night.
We must consider all options.
I felt sorry for her.
I felt sorry for him.
Don't worry, it's not as bad as it seems.
She fell asleep on the bus.
Did you get a good look at her?
Did you get a good look at her?
Did you get a good look at him?
Did you get a good look at him?
I leave home at 7:30 in the morning.
I'm sorry, you have the wrong number.
Something is wrong with the engine of my car.
Her name wasn't on the list.
I always rest for an hour after dinner.
They argued about the sentence.
If you had not followed the doctor's advice then, you might be ill now.
He writes home to his parents at least once a month, no matter how busy he is.
Am I a coward or a tactician? "Tactician." "Tactician, surely."
Why do you always wear that hat?
Why do you always wear that hat?
Tom doesn't like Chinese food.
Tom made me promise not to tell Mary his phone number.
I don't think I've got much choice.
Are you saying there's still a chance?
Are you saying there's still a chance?
There is no elevator in our house.
Without your help, I couldn't have gotten over that difficult situation.
Without your help, I couldn't have gotten over that difficult situation.
You look awful. What happened?
You look awful. What happened?
Tom is refusing to tell us what happened.
The squirrel ate the hazelnuts.
There's no need to thank me.
Fold up the map.
I'm proud of you.
There's nowhere to run.
There's nowhere to run.
That's a great plan.
I cooked dinner for Tom.
Can you do a headstand?
Can you do a headstand?
Can you do a headstand?
Can you do a headstand?
I cannot go up the stairs by myself. I'm old and I need an elevator.
I am finally quits with the man.
I was out all day.
It's not my choice.
It was in the news.
It was a nice idea.
I'm extremely busy.
Hide in the closet.
Hide in the closet.
You need the rest.
You need the rest.
You had no choice.
Stop talking.
Squeak, said the mouse.
Esperanto, an official language of the European Union, finally!
What did you need?
What did you need?
We agreed on 2:30.
We agreed on 2:30.
Zamenhof put his theory into practice.
Do you play a musical instrument?
All of a sudden, I felt a sharp pain in my stomach.
We threw it away.
I like to breathe the clean mountain air.
What instruments do you play?
What instruments do you play?
I seldom listen to the radio.
I almost never listen to the radio.
Tom was afraid that they'd lock him up and throw away the key.
Don't expect me to help you with your homework.
He broke his arm.
Let's agree on this: you don't tell me what to do, and I won't tell you where to go.
I am perhaps a bit of a lone wolf.
Tom doesn't want to join our group.
Don't think twice about it, Tom.
Give him a second chance.
We expect you to carry out what you have once promised.
You haven't even tried yet.
You haven't even tried yet.
If you eat that you will die.
It is by no means an easy job.
You have totally lost your mind.
I think you're being too hard on Tom.
I have cheated on my wife.
I want to take a look inside.
I want you to be proud of me.
I want you to be proud of me.
I want you to be proud of me.
I'm trying to figure out where I should go.
Bad luck!
Ask your parents for permission.
Ask your parents for permission.
What can you teach me?
I accept your challenge.
Why didn't you warn me?
Where do babies come from?
She's a terrible driver.
She's a terrible driver.
He wrote the report.
I saw him cross the street.
I saw him cross the street.
I saw him cross the street.
I saw him crossing the road.
I saw him cross the road.
I saw him cross the road.
My elder brother is able to drive.
The murderer is still at large.
The murderer is still at large.
Tom put on his hat.
Don't worry Tom, you are doing well.
What do you advise?
Did you come here to argue?
Did you come here to argue?
He deserved it.
Seen from a distance, the rock looked like an old castle.
Hey, what's up?
I have my own theory.
It was extremely weird.
It was awfully strange.
Why did you keep that a secret?
Tom sat on a log.
What are your true intentions?
What are their true intentions?
What are her true intentions?
What are his true intentions?
Why don't you trust me?
Why don't you trust me?
Will it bother you if I smoke?
Will you pay cash?
Will you pay cash?
Tom pulled a big wad of cash out of his pocket.
If Tom doesn't help us, we'll never be able to finish this on time.
Do you think there's any chance we'll be able to finish this on time?
You must be in good physical condition.
You must be in good physical condition.
She made him cry.
It will soon be September.
She interrupted me.
She likes secrets.
We found a secret passage into the building.
Witches don't cry.
They will protect you.
They will protect you.
How much does it really matter?
How are you? "I can't complain."
I'm not a tourist.
It happens only once in a lifetime.
It's a once in a lifetime experience.
I left Africa forever.
We can't choose who our parents are.
He suggested that the meeting be put off till Monday.
Tom hardly ever listens to the radio.
Please remind me to write a letter tomorrow.
Please remind me to write a letter tomorrow.
Tom looks sad.
Don't make fun of foreigners' mistakes in Japanese.
One out of ten people suffers from a lack of sleep.
When I was reading a book, the telephone rang.
I hate it when that happens.
The murderer confessed his crime.
In case of fire, push the button.
In case of fire, push the button.
Do you trust me?
You weren't wrong.
If I'm not mistaken, that is not possible.
I'm not wrong.
She kissed me without saying a word.
You're a good actor.
Don't touch me!
Tom read the letter aloud.
I will get you sorted out, sir.
Tom ate all the ice cream.
Let me remind you what's important.
I'm afraid of not finishing it in time.
Tom's not answering his phone.
I thought you were kidding.
I thought you were kidding.
This beer is bitter.
I thought you were kidding.
Tell Tom this is urgent.
Tell Tom this is urgent.
Tom collapsed to the ground.
We couldn't sleep on account of the noise.
Tom knows he has no choice.
I don't have time to read.
I want to come to terms with him.
I'm tired. I'd better take some rest before I go out.
The baby is growing up.
Sometimes I wonder whether or not I'm just crazy.
Fish cannot live out of water.
I don't know what happened, but there are feathers all over the place.
The world is full of idiots.
The roof is really in need of repair.
I saw the moon above the roof.
Ask me the first question that pops into your mind.
I saw the moon above the roof.
I saw the moon above the roof.
If you talk to a man in a language he understands, that goes to his head. If you talk to him in his language, that goes to his heart.
They wanted proof.
Tom respects his elders.
It was a bold decision.
Anyone can make a mistake.
Are you seriously thinking about going?
Are you seriously thinking about going?
Are you seriously thinking about going?
Are you seriously thinking about going?
He sailed through the examination.
You look great in this picture.
You look great in this picture.
The bottle is made of glass.
Tom died of old age.
I'm surprised you didn't know that.
I'm surprised you didn't know that.
He hates himself.
She was at a loss for words to express her feeling.
There's something magic about the nightfall.
He is a very modest man.
So what really happened?
Could you clear the table, please?
Could you remind me when the meeting starts?
Don't touch that book.
Don't touch that book.
The house stood on the hill.
I can swim as well as you.
I can swim as well as you.
I can swim as well as you.
You're not paid to ask questions.
The only time my son talks to me is when he needs some money.
Tom has been texting me.
Why don't we go dancing?
You shouldn't trust Tom.
It was less than one kilometer to the village post office.
I never expected your support.
You're very sweet.
Oh, I'm sorry. I guess I have the wrong number.
Gods came down on earth to guide humanity to its end.
Oh God, help me!
I meet her demands.
Tom fell asleep on the job.
It's quarter past one.
Why aren't you already on board the ship?
Please don't make noise.
Mother has not cooked dinner yet.
I think I'm going to need your help.
Nature is cruel.
Customers came one after another.
He studies English, but he's also studying German.
I was leaving for Paris the next morning.
The trip out was more pleasant than the return.
Whoever guesses the number wins.
Please pour me a little tea.
His dream has finally come true.
Tom applied for a passport.
He continued to work.
The government makes us pay tax.
Criminals should go to jail.
Iran and Russia will establish a joint bank.
Tom took a big risk.
Tom laughed in my face.
Why is this song so sad?
The train gained speed gradually.
Could I have a pillow and blanket?
Were you listening to the radio yesterday?
Were you listening to the radio yesterday?
I respect you more than anyone.
I respect you more than anyone.
I don't want you to leave.
I don't want you to leave.
The war brought their research to an end.
This pencil is yours. Mine is on the desk.
It was believed that the earth was flat.
Do you think she has a chance of winning?
Tom got another message.
Tom got another message.
We are all responsible for this situation.
Tom ate breakfast by himself.
You got the job.
You can't fool me.
You can't beat me.
No, I'm not crazy.
No, I'm not crazy.
Tom trusts me.
He was also deaf.
He was walking toward the sea.
He was walking toward the sea.
Wait till I get my hat.
Introduce me to your future wife.
We tried to warn them.
The bus doesn't always come on time.
The bus doesn't always come on time.
You may be needed.
You do look tired.
You know I'm wrong.
I have lost all respect for you.
Go back to the lab.
May I smoke?
Any other bright ideas?
I recorded our conversation.
I'm obese.
I hate dogs.
I have news.
What prevented her from coming yesterday?
She is busy preparing for the trip.
This is a horrible idea.
What'll happen if I push this button?
Do I really have to give a speech?
Don't trust Tom.
Don't trust Tom.
The bear is eating an apple.
Are you trying to be funny?
Are you trying to be funny?
Are you trying to be funny?
We both fell asleep.
We both fell asleep.
You know that I don't like eggs.
You know that I don't like eggs.
I left you a message.
Does your house have a basement?
That plan seems reasonable to me.
If I've made a mistake, please let me know.
Tom said he didn't want to study French.
Tom often complains about his neighbors.
Find out who they are.
If you see this message, write me.
Tom said he didn't want to go to the park with us.
You're going to need it.
You'll need this.
I don't want to fight you.
I don't want to fight you.
Tom can't hide the truth anymore.
Did you kiss him?
May I eat this?
Do you want me to throw it away?
Do you want me to throw it away?
Even gods die when no one believes in them any longer.
I didn't make it in time.
Tom gave me 300 dollars.
Tom gave me a big hug.
It's almost midnight. Go to bed.
He told me that he had no time to read books.
He advised me not to believe what she says.
Tom locked his keys in his car.
Tom lit the stove.
I can't take my eyes off of you.
I can't take my eyes off him.
Is the post office still open?
Hey, what's going on?
Tom can't drive.
Tom knew that he was going to need some help.
They passed away and left me.
All you have to do is get there on time.
She didn't want to dance with me.
She didn't want to dance with me.
I found a piece of paper in the room.
Your father got a promotion.
You're joking. "I'm not."
You're joking. "I'm not."
You're joking. "I'm not."
We expected him to support us.
She didn't want to dance with me.
He didn't want to dance with me.
He didn't want to dance with me.
She was accompanied by her mother.
After the war, Ford entered politics.
You know where to find me if you need me.
You know where to find me if you need me.
What is better than friendship?
Do you think I'm joking?
I cannot make such a mistake. Russian is my native tongue.
Don't make me do it again.
Don't make me do it again.
I'm not going to let you spend your birthday alone.
How many temples are there on this island?
They'll accept the gifts.
I was born on January 22, 1933.
Get me some ice.
How long did Marika live in Algeria?
Can I drive, please?
Can I use the phone?
Can you take me to Tom?
If Tom hadn't eaten the mushrooms he found in the woods, he'd be alive now.
I want to buy a few pairs of trousers.
I want to learn to sing like you.
Can I use the bathroom?
I think we'll need more money.
You've got to be joking.
You've got to be joking.
What are you interested in?
I asked Tom a question.
I'll sign it tomorrow.
I'll sign it tomorrow.
The prisoner has escaped!
What is life without the radiance of love?
Do you have enough blankets?
Do you have enough blankets?
You're a crazy woman.
You did very well.
You taught me well.
You taught me well.
Don't buy it!
Don't buy it!
Don't buy it!
Don't buy it!
Don't buy it!
Don't buy it!
I wish you luck.
It's a good choice.
The English language belongs to the German language group.
The English language belongs to the German language group.
Albania wants to join the European Union.
Why is he asking me that question?
I have dreadful news.
Why did you ask Tom that question?
We stored the hay in the barn.
We had a lot of furniture.
We must finish our homework first.
We have not yet discussed which method is better.
Why is my brother so stupid?
My brother is an idiot.
I got this as a wedding gift, but I've never used it.
I got this as a wedding gift, but I've never used it.
He gave me an apple.
I can't seem to quit smoking.
Tom sliced the onion.
All of these apples are very sweet.
The apple was eaten by me.
The apple was eaten by me.
He is planning to launch his business.
I think you should give Tom a chance.
I can't change that.
Is this a date?
You were hiding.
You were hiding.
Tom put on his coat.
Where's Tom hiding?
I suppose everyone thinks I'm crazy.
Ask me a question.
We'll soon change that.
Tom followed Mary's instructions.
My hands are stained with paint.
She selected a hat to match her new dress.
She selected a hat to match her new dress.
We've had a very hard winter.
It's nine-thirty.
Miracles do happen every day.
They abandoned the ship.
This is private property.
Doctors save lives.
I don't have time to explain.
What a wonderful present!
We've walked all around the lake.
We had a large audience.
We were living in Osaka for ten years before we came to Tokyo.
I think we should wait another half an hour.
We are planning a trip to New York.
I never imagined we'd end up like this.
We're getting closer.
When do we start?
Would you like to leave a message?
When did the accident take place?
What time does the club open?
My mother spends a lot of money on clothes.
Is there an elevator here?
You won't regret it!
You won't regret it!
You won't regret it!
She came to her senses in hospital.
Tom is a candidate.
I spent hours reading books.
He hung a picture on the wall.
He hung a picture on the wall.
She got married without her parents knowing it.
He is carrying out experiments in his laboratory.
It's not necessary to put him in the hospital.
I took to sleeping late in the morning.
Tom keeps every letter his mother sends him.
I hate it when Tom does that.
Tell me all about the trip you've made.
The coffee is bitter.
No one respects me.
Tell me all about the trip you've made.
I have a question I want to ask you.
I doubt Tom is still there.
Can I trust them?
We can change that.
You can change that.
You can change that.
Where did Tom learn to do that?
I have a reason to doubt that.
Whose ring is it?
You may use his library.
You may use his library.
They broke the rules.
She broke the rules.
He broke the rules.
He's buying apples.
As far as I can tell, there are no broken bones.
It's terribly important.
It's terribly urgent.
I promised Tom I wouldn't tell anyone.
I doubt Tom will tell us the truth.
Good luck in life.
Tom told us you couldn't be trusted.
Tom told us you couldn't be trusted.
Should I tell Tom it's an emergency?
Tom promised he wouldn't tell anyone.
Tell Tom I'll be there in thirty minutes.
Get down from there.
My wallet was stolen yesterday.
I think that he's hiding something.
As I told you before, I have no choice.
Are you telling me I'm wasting my time?
Are you telling me I'm wasting my time?
Tom filled up the bottle with cold water.
I'm trying to find out where it happened.
I'm trying to figure out what to do next.
I'm having some trouble with my computer.
Tom was not the man of my dreams.
I'd advise you to mind your own business.
You have no right to tell me what to do.
The pen has run out of ink.
The world is cruel.
Tom promised me he wouldn't tell anyone.
I promised him that I would come today.
Never call anyone fat.
Excuse me, may I have another cup of tea?
At first, I thought Tom was joking.
At first, I thought she was joking.
At first, I thought he was joking.
The sun sank below the horizon.
Fill the bottle with water.
He is seldom home.
I can't remember the last time I took a vacation.
I can't remember the last time I took a vacation.
I should've studied more when I was young.
I like this cup.
What time does the bank open?
I hate policemen like him.
I refuse to answer that.
She is nice.
I got married when I was 19 years old.
Don't be cruel.
Should I know her? I asked. "I don't think so," he replied slowly, while watching carefully for my reaction.
The police arrested the suspect.
Why didn't you help Tom escape?
Why didn't you help Tom escape?
Why did you help Tom escape?
Why did you help Tom escape?
Please give me a pillow and a blanket.
You're going to love this book.
You stole my idea.
Do you agree with me?
I've always trusted her.
Try to remain calm.
Science does not solve all of life's problems.
That made me laugh.
What's important isn't which university you've graduated from, but what you learned while you were there.
We're going to need help.
Where can you buy books?
I know how busy you are, so I'll get right to the point.
I know how hard it's been.
I know how dangerous Tom is.
I know how hard this must be.
I'm good at keeping secrets.
I know how to read between the lines.
I know I can count on you all.
I know I can count on every one of you.
I know I did an awful thing.
I know I did an awful thing.
Don't joke about that.
My cat looks sad.
Everyone has secrets.
It was still dark when Tom left home for school.
It was already dark when Tom got home.
I never expected to meet her in a place like this.
Guess whose birthday it is today.
Delete that picture.
Delete that picture.
I think it's time to do my homework.
They don't sell it.
I know I made a mistake.
Transplants save lives.
You don't give orders here.
He proofread my manuscript.
Quit looking at me like that.
He's a big coward.
I'll remember this incident forever.
I know it wasn't Tom who took my pencil.
The thief ran quickly.
The thief ran quickly.
Get her out of here.
This desk is too small for Meg.
Do you still want to give me a hug?
Do you still want to give me a hug?
She only buys second-hand clothing.
Your pants are dirty.
Your pants are dirty.
Please come on time.
Please come on time.
How many hotels are there in Paris?
Two wrongs do not make a right.
Tom has grown a beard.
I like your beard.
Tom is not a very good dancer.
His bark is worse than his bite.
Tom broke his arm.
Tom advised me to keep it secret.
I'll go find out where Tom is.
Is that why you're leaving?
Is that why you're leaving?
I was warned that somebody would try to kill me.
She put the children to bed.
I'm sure Tom will take that into consideration.
This isn't fun at all.
I wonder why some people think black cats are unlucky.
Tom still has a lot to learn.
Tom said he was sick, but that was a lie.
Is love more important than friendship?
Is friendship more important than love?
I think you'll regret it if you don't go with us.
I think you'll regret it if you don't go with us.
Do you mind if I take my shirt off?
Do you think it's funny?
Do you think that's funny?
Hasn't Tom arrived yet?
You're making the biggest mistake of your life.
You're making the biggest mistake of your life.
I brought you some ice.
I shouldn't have sold my car.
My sister's getting married.
A bunch of people died in the explosion.
I used to feed my dog twice a day.
I saw the old man feed his dog chicken bones.
I want to study Japan's history at university.
She risked her life to save him.
This knife has served me well.
She couldn't take her eyes off him.
She helped her younger brother with his homework.
He had an accident while working.
He asked for my permission to use the telephone.
I am not a witch.
I'm living my dream.
She felt a bit tired.
I want my three hundred dollars back.
You can trust me.
I can hardly wait.
The child was exceptionally intelligent.
Did you hear about yesterday's fire?
You have to ask for permission from your teacher.
The workers were proud of their work.
I love Chinese food.
She put lots of sugar in the coffee.
There was absolutely no furniture in that room.
She put a lot of sugar in the coffee.
I used to love swimming.
Twelve years old is old for a dog.
His lectures are very long.
He did exactly what I told him to do.
Is there a doctor on the flight?
English is a Germanic language.
Don't drive under the influence.
I must admit that I was mistaken.
I really had to run for it to catch the train.
I want breakfast in my room.
That furniture is my mother's.
You should put your coat on.
I'm behind him.
I couldn't understand his ideas.
She was hit by a car.
She was hit by a car.
Tom threw a pillow at Mary.
Without you, life is awful.
My French is terrible.
It looked awful.
You know we don't need that.
I'd like to ask you a few questions about what happened at school today.
I'd like to ask you a few questions about what happened at school today.
My parents won't let me have a dog.
I have a date with her tonight.
I have a date with him tonight.
I want those reports on my desk within the hour.
I would like to ask you a question.
I would like to ask you a question.
Quit making such a sad face.
Don't look so sad.
Don't look so sad.
She reminded him to go to the bank.
She returned his kiss.
She revealed the secret to him.
She sent him a message.
She stole a lot of money from him, so now she is in prison.
She stole a lot of money from him.
She tells him to give her all of his salary and he does.
She thought she could get him to like her.
She threw him out.
She told him a joke, but he didn't laugh.
He doesn't show any sign of life.
He had a wonderful memory.
You had a choice.
You had a choice.
You had a chance.
You had a chance.
That's a huge relief.
That's what interests me.
It's obviously a lie.
I hope my Russian sentence is not completely incomprehensible.
The station is under repair.
I can't keep up. She's talking way too fast.
The criminal is among us.
Read the book out loud.
That's why I'm not getting married.
That's why I'm not getting married.
That's what I wanted to find out.
That's what I thought at first.
That's what I'm counting on.
I knew it was a lie.
How could you make such a mistake?
How could you make such a mistake?
I want us to win.
I want us to win.
The dog that trots about finds a bone.
We all thought that Tom had escaped.
Tom wears a different tie every day.
Tom fell asleep with his glasses on.
Did you remember to buy candles?
They're the only ones Tom can trust.
The temperature is lower than usual.
That's really awesome.
I don't believe that Tom is a murderer.
I offered to help her with her homework.
She complained about my low salary.
She complained about my low salary.
She complained that my salary was low.
This book belongs to the school library.
Tests start next week.
She hates you, it seems.
I like studying wild flowers.
May I see your license?
I hate dogs.
I'm going to fly to the moon.
Don't eat while reading.
Soldiers are used to danger.
She will give a party next week.
She is anxious about his safety.
She went to France in order to study art.
She was coming down the stairs.
She acknowledged having made a mistake.
She woke up on her own.
She can swim as fast as her brother.
She poured milk into the cup.
All of them are not present.
Not all of them are present.
He's leaving for Tokyo tomorrow.
Tom leads an active life.
Tom is deaf, but he knows how to read lips.
Is that gun loaded?
The committee is discussing social welfare.
I agree with you to a degree.
You're doing it on purpose!
Thanks for supporting me.
He opened the cages.
He is said to be a genius.
He appeared honest.
He lost his life in an accident.
He is afraid of swimming.
He is going to the concert.
Caves are dark.
He prefers French to German.
He's a very fine musician.
He did exactly as I had told him.
He lacks the talent to be an actor.
I telephoned to make sure that he was coming.
Three bears lived in that little house.
The Japanese economy grew by 4% last year.
She has married nobody.
War broke out in 1939.
My wife had a baby last week.
I will not let you pass.
The girl opened her eyes, saw the bear, and fled to the window.
A new school building is under construction.
Don't be afraid to try new things.
Do you often go to see plays?
The impact of science on society is great.
Are you through with your homework?
The situation has changed dramatically.
I arrived at the station on time.
In fact, you are quite right.
It's not your fault, so don't worry.
It's not your fault, so don't worry.
I was not conscious of his presence.
I was not conscious of her presence.
I kind of doubt that that actually happened.
I changed my address last month.
I can't draw, but my sister is a great artist.
I was up all night.
I believe it is a genuine Picasso.
I asked Tony a question.
I carried the message to him.
I will protect you from danger.
I ordered several books from England.
I counted to two hundred.
We went to the station to see her off.
The heat is terrible today.
A fire broke out in the supermarket last night.
The last examination was very difficult.
Don't worry about the results.
The dog followed me to my home.
Go to the park.
I want to recover my valuables.
Keiko is proud of her family.
Tom needs your support.
Tom needs your support.
Tom said it was urgent.
Tom is seldom home.
Tom called me a coward.
I need your signature.
I need your signature.
What happens when we die?
They're not criminals.
Truth is time's daughter.
I was scared that you might leave me.
You can use my desk if you want to.
You were absent from school yesterday.
Are you content with your present salary?
Those roses are very beautiful.
All you have to do is to clean your room.
Australia is abundant in minerals.
Say hello to your father for me.
I'm fed up with this wet weather.
This is how the accident happened.
I will win the game next time.
Is lunch included in this price?
How long did it take you to translate this book?
Judy dances very well.
All the students are studying English.
How much did you pay for the dress?
Central Park is near where I work.
The ring was nowhere to be found.
The boy was accompanied by his parents.
Our kids hate us.
Those were his exact words.
Those were her exact words.
The five fingers of the hand are never the same.
The five fingers of the hand are never the same.
The five fingers of the hand are never the same.
It seems we have quite a few problems.
You're just as stupid as Tom.
I hope Tom follows your instructions.
I don't know why Tom is always complaining.
I suggest you avoid asking Tom that question.
Under the circumstances, I don't think Tom would mind.
What do you think Tom will say when he finds out about this?
He is worried about his future.
It'll be our little secret.
I eat dinner at quarter past seven.
I eat dinner at quarter past seven.
I'm surprised by her lack of responsability.
You could have trusted me.
I assume something good happened.
I hate Justin Bieber.
Love is for lunatics.
Who needs computers?
My dad was an actor.
I cut a branch from the tree.
Did you order the book?
I remember returning the book to the library.
You'll find the book in the library.
Now stop crying.
Don't get so excited!
It is just half past seven.
I am used to driving a truck.
What's in fashion in Paris?
Do you remember your passport number?
Give me another cup of tea.
It's about time to start.
Rome is an old city.
The radio is too loud.
You're not going to regret this.
Inoue doesn't like computers.
It's too dark to play outside.
You can go to the station by bus.
What you are saying doesn't make sense.
Please stop fighting.
Please stop fighting.
Tom is present.
We're doing the right thing.
Don't forget your coat!
Tom said that he didn't mean to be rude.
School reopens in September.
We're getting off at the next station.
We're leaving here soon.
What are his official job duties?
I can't change this.
Tom put the children to bed.
Tom put the children to bed.
Tom respects his parents.
Tom saw it on the news.
Tom seldom drinks coffee.
Tom rarely eats at home.
This is a spoon.
I prepared breakfast for him.
My dog follows me wherever I go.
I hope you had a nice trip.
In case of emergency, call 119.
I gave him what little money I had.
You ought to have seen the exhibition.
You cannot buy that judge.
I have a message for you from her.
I have a message for you from her.
I haven't the faintest idea what you mean.
Go and speak to my colleague.
You should pay your debts.
My mother cannot drive a car.
My brother can drive a car.
Do you really believe that Tom is reliable?
Her oldest daughter got married.
Let's stop doing this.
Tom unfolded the map.
Tom tricked us again.
Tom was a good pilot.
I'm not going to ask Tom that question.
I'm only happy on payday.
What caused the fire?
They're discussing the problem.
We're not ready to order yet.
I'll give Tom another chance.
Save it till later.
Give me the equivalent in dollars.
I will do it gladly.
Tom hates us.
Did you get my messages?
Did you get my messages?
There's a message for you.
There's a message for you.
There's a message for you.
I don't want to study German.
One thing you should know about me is that I seldom cry.
A sailor is at sea much of the time.
Pull the trigger.
There's no food left.
You will need a key.
You will need a key.
We're not criminals.
I'm leaving at 2:30.
Could you bring me a blanket?
Do you mind if I ask a few questions?
You'll regret this.
You'll regret this.
I'm very unhappy.
I'm very unhappy.
I've already memorized your phone number.
Don't buy me any more presents!
No one could sleep that night.
They carried him to a nearby house.
I like your style.
Tom asked me to wake him up at six.
The victim's body was lying face down on the rug.
I was a little put out by this.
The library is on the second floor.
I've had a brilliant idea.
My nails are too short.
Some countries in Europe are not part of the European Union.
Does he have gray hair?
I am proud of you.
I am proud of you.
I won't be needing them.
I won't need you.
I won't need you.
Just don't kiss me.
We're proud of you.
The zipper won't open.
What makes people do that?
My mother left me a message.
Tom can't catch a break.
Tom gave his dog a bone.
I'm not deaf.
Where can I buy bricks?
You’re driving slowly.
Tom has never needed anybody.
I gave her a hug.
He was going to go to London, but in the end he wasn't able to.
This soup is great.
What is the poorest country in the European Union?
Is the poorest country in the European Union poorer than the poorest state in the United States?
How did you all escape?
My birthday is in November.
You're taking advantage of her weakness.
It's important for today's young people to study English.
I am not as interested in literature as you.
I'm too young to die!
I'm too young to die!
I'm too young to die!
That food's hard to digest.
It was a long flight.
I've never seen a real cow.
I don't want to drive.
People who are not smarter than I am don't interest me.
Tom resolved to stop calling himself an idiot.
She suffers from anorexia.
Communism will never be reached in my lifetime.
How much did you have to pay for the tickets?
Why is my friend an idiot?
Tom leaned forward and kissed her.
I filled this glass with milk.
No one takes me seriously.
I'm losing clients.
The hotel he's living in is downtown.
My mother hates to watch the television.
I think she would be happy to receive a new computer.
He was a poor musician.
I think we can handle this.
Tom left school an hour ago.
She felt quite alone.
I think you ought to rest a while.
Is it OK if I hug you?
I think Tom has made a mistake.
I refuse to accept that.
I don't know what the truth is.
We risk losing control of the situation if we don't act quickly.
We should all go to bed.
You must think I'm a complete idiot.
You must think I'm a complete idiot.
You must've thought I was an idiot.
You must've thought I was an idiot.
What questions do you have about Turkey?
He added up the figures.
I can't trust anyone.
She's very afraid of snakes.
I can't hear it.
Kids are cruel.
Tom looks terrible.
I wonder who's buried in that tomb.
Tom didn't get there in time.
You've given me no other choice.
I'm counting on your presence.
We saw the news.
All life is an experiment.
I'm starting to get hungry.
Tom doesn't like working the graveyard shift.
I was told to report to you.
The market opens at 9:00 a.m.
You won't need me.
I like trying new things.
I hope you're not alone.
I don't want to argue with you.
I think Tom is insane.
They'll remember.
I've learned to think like Tom thinks.
They're not happy.
What do you think you'd like to do next time?
I want it to be over.
He made up his mind.
Get out of my room!
You're the most beautiful girl I've ever seen.
Don't give him any ideas.
I'd like to do that.
He has many talents.
How good is he?
What else do you want to do?
Are you in need of help?
Tom was afraid to swim.
I can't see.
It is very difficult to draw the boundary between love and friendship.
I thought I was dying.
We learned English.
You can only use it once.
Don't try this at home.
She is always trying new things.
He's going to love this.
We must choose the right moment carefully.
I am presently working in the hotel kitchen.
No sugar for you?
No sugar for you?
They don't have a choice.
He has no choice.
She has no choice.
You can eat this if you want.
You can eat this if you want.
You can drive if you want.
You can drive if you want.
Tom didn't wake me up.
Why didn't Tom wake me up?
Hey Tom, what's up?
Tom is extremely unpredictable.
All you do is complain.
All you do is complain.
Tom struggled to express how he felt.
Just think what we could do with that much money.
It follows from this that the company is not responsible for the accident.
He exchanged his old car for a new one.
He exchanged his old car for a new one.
If it were not for examinations, how happy our school life would be!
If it were not for examinations, how happy our school life would be!
Tom lived alone with his dog.
Which one should I use?
You have to memorize this sentence.
It isn't over yet.
His sons do as they please.
You'll need this more than I do.
Everything you said was false.
Do you want to use mine?
Where is my dog?
There is a beautiful park near my home.
Quit gambling.
She's like her mum.
Please send me a letter as soon as you arrive.
You don't need to do that.
I have been studying it for five years.
Tom ought to stop doing that.
She hit me on the head and she ran away.
What are you hiding from me?
What are you hiding from me?
That would be dumb.
Tom paid no attention to Mary at all.
It happens sometimes.
Have you read this morning's paper?
Tom was hiding under the table.
Not all horses were born equal. A few were born to win.
Customers stopped coming to our shop.
Who owns that house?
She does her homework on Fridays to save herself from the drudgery of having to do it during the weekend.
Tom went on eating.
Tom continued reading.
Tom went on singing.
Tom continued speaking.
I ordered the book from Britain.
When I was a little boy, I often went fishing with my brother in the river.
You will change it, won't you?
I want you to stop this immediately.
It's an easy choice.
Why is Tom studying French?
Why did Tom decide to study French?
I don't need to tell you how important this is, do I?
He is always complaining.
I started studying French three years ago.
They have sugar.
This is the book I want to give my mother.
The dog is still alive.
I found out where he is.
Please find out where he is.
Something's coming.
Stop spending money on stupid things.
Before you can love others, you need to be able to love yourself.
There's always someone talking.
She expected him to leave town.
She has never gone on a date with him.
She listens to him even though no one else does.
She asked him questions.
This is not salt.
Tom didn't pass today's exam.
He never stopped writing.
There is always something happening here.
You can't touch the paintings.
You can't touch the paintings.
Give it to someone who needs it.
Why does this always happen to me?
When will you ever learn?
God knows we did everything we could.
I'm often in trouble.
He told us to depart at once.
Please go at the most convenient time for you.
What do you want to do while you're here?
It took me a while to understand what she was trying to say.
You must not be afraid of making mistakes when learning a language.
I'll get in.
She was about to leave the house.
She has faults, too.
Last night I chundered.
Visitors were few at the museum.
I represented my university at the conference.
Do you see a person or a wolf?
I went to Los Angeles on vacation last month.
Don't even worry about it.
The bus driver opened the door.
I am very interested in music.
Lions are fast runners.
Tom drives an electric car.
They left the town an hour ago.
How big is he?
Anyone can do it if they try.
I must report this to Tom.
I rarely talk on the phone.
That didn't really happen.
There's a car coming.
Are you going to learn English?
I asked him to start at once.
I'm not happy with my job.
I studied English when I was there.
Please bear in mind what I said.
We're out of sugar.
There is no necessity for you to do that.
Save me, Dr. Rabbit! "No." "Oh!" "Attack, children!"
There is a certain amount of truth in what he's saying.
How soon do you need it?
That is how she learns English.
The nation ceased to exist.
The dog was dying.
You can do it if you try.
There is no telling what will happen.
Do you know why they stopped talking?
The trouble with you is that you talk too much.
The train leaves in ten minutes.
I wish she would stop playing that stupid music.
That tie is too expensive.
Don't trust anybody but yourself.
The tower is fifteen metres tall.
Begin with an easy-to-understand book.
The cause of the accident is still not clear.
We'll deal with this problem in Chapter 3.
The post office is that brown building.
I really agree with you.
Mark has more money than you.
They didn't find the bomb.
Someone locked me in the room.
The light is changing from red to green.
We've won!
All the kids were dancing.
This program is broadcast biweekly.
How unlucky I am!
I agree to the proposal in principle.
Leave me a message, please.
Leave me a message, please.
Please leave a message.
What use does economics have?
I can't find my ticket.
The devil is a squirrel.
I wouldn't like to be a sailor because I'm afraid of water.
Oh kiddo, I'm sorry for overlooking your message. So what's wrong with that part?
He folded the papers and threw them onto the table.
Don't tell me. Let me guess.
This is an easy mistake to make.
This is an easy mistake to make.
Tom wanted to dance.
Tom wanted to dance.
Tom wanted to be sure.
Tom wanted to visit America.
Tom wanted to visit America.
Tom wanted to send a message.
Tom wanted to go into politics.
She has great hate for dogs.
Tom wanted to change the subject.
I asked him a difficult question.
You're leaving already?
You're leaving already?
I always pass on good advice. It is the only thing to do with it. It is never of any use to oneself.
Don't forget to take out the garbage.
That lake looks like an ocean.
What are you going to do during your Summer holidays?
I can't hide out forever.
She wants something very special for her birthday.
Tom is home on leave.
The rain is wonderful.
I stayed home to rest.
Come down here!
That's the sixty-four thousand dollar question.
How much does she spend per month?
How did you break it?
Tom would love it.
She advised him to work harder.
The eggs are still hot.
We can handle that.
I'm sure Tom doesn't want to study French.
Rhode Island is the smallest state in the U.S.
Yellowstone National Park is located in Wyoming.
I am going to free the prisoners.
I am going to free the prisoners.
He has two pencils. One is long and the other one is short.
Some politicians are wolves in sheep's clothing.
I've decided on going.
Mr. Wilson is proud of his house.
It had snowed.
She respects her teacher a lot.
I'm afraid of having the wrong number.
It's your responsibility to finish the job.
He's worried about the result.
He went on talking as though nothing had happened.
She needed the entire afternoon to complete the work.
He was talking nonsense.
We are concerned about our planet.
You have provided me with some very useful advice.
I have fifteen hundred cows.
That apple isn't red.
What's your secret?
Why does luck hate you?
The walls of Rome have twelve gates.
I'm teaching them to swim.
I bought you a kite.
Teach me how to do that.
The cat is on the rug.
They abandoned their homeland.
I think you should swim.
She managed to learn how to drive a car.
He is still having doubts.
Wolves wander in the woods.
I plan to throw all of this away. You may take whatever you like.
He's proud to be an artist.
I'm going to sleep now.
Tom says that he detests war.
Do I curse too much?
We are spending the night at my uncle's house.
I second that idea.
He couldn't speak because the audience was too noisy.
She's always been a very cheerful person.
You can change them if you like.
You can change it if you like.
It's very cold here in January.
It's very cold here in January.
I called you last night to give you the good news.
I called you last night to give you the good news.
I called you last night to give you the good news.
I called you last night to give you the good news.
I called you last night to give you the good news.
I called you last night to give you the good news.
I called you last night to give you the good news.
I called you last night to give you the good news.
My father always reads the newspaper before breakfast.
My father always reads a newspaper before breakfast.
He doesn't have enough money to go travelling.
I sat behind a very tall person at the theater.
I sat behind a very tall person at the theater.
You'll learn a lot here.
What's the bad news?
I study Chinese in Beijing.
Express yourself as clearly as possible.
Tom warned him.
Tom warned us.
The doctor told me to go to bed.
I won't let you down.
These flowers you see are roses.
Did Tom mind?
Did Tom escape?
The Colombian government demanded more money.
No one expected him to be a candidate again.
Write at least 250 words.
Do you want to come with me to this concert?
I like my coffee without sugar.
The accident wasn't your fault.
Can you recommend a good restaurant?
The library is in the center of the city.
Please do not touch the merchandise.
She was born in a remote village in Nepal.
That country's economy is growing.
Tom left his passport at home.
I politely turned down his offer and hung up.
The oven is hot.
This is Carrie Underwood's latest album.
He has a nice income.
Everybody knew Tom was dying.
Yakitori is a Japanese food.
Who's Tom trying to impress?
They can't get in.
You're out of touch with reality.
I don't like using dildos, I prefer real cocks.
He felt severe pain in his back and legs.
We can win this war.
We can win this war.
She's wondering where the key is.
Tom told the police that Mary's sudden disappearance was out of character for her.
What a pleasant journey we had!
Tom works the evening shift.
Tom is hiding under the bed.
They saw the news.
She was coming down the stairs.
How serious are you?
This place is horrible.
Tom made me eat it.
So are you and Hanna planning on getting married?
Will you be taking a holiday this year?
Will you be taking a holiday this year?
I'm looking forward to my birthday.
I'll take a vacation this week.
If you believe what politicians say, it's really your own fault.
Many languages use English words.
I have a week to do my homework.
How long does it last?
How old is the Eiffel Tower?
Come sit with us.
There are no shortcuts to the top, only to the bottom.
She will leave for New York next Sunday.
This store sells old books.
His new car is wonderful.
The moon is shining.
It's fun to learn a foreign language.
Apples grow on trees.
Digits are to numbers what letters are to words.
I'd like to ask you some questions now.
My dog ate it.
My dog ate it.
I'm retiring.
He prefers not to talk about it.
I hate computers.
This bird's large wings enable it to fly very fast.
He told me just the opposite!
Don't try to blame this all on me.
Don't try to blame this all on me.
I don't know what to feed my dog.
And what happened after that? "I can't tell you. It's a secret."
And what happened after that? "I can't tell you. It's a secret."
I hate playing cards.
How many apples did you buy?
How many apples did you buy?
How many apples did you buy?
How many apples were in the box?
How many apples were in the box?
This is a picture of my drawing.
Hey, wait for me.
Hey, wait for me.
Don't worry. I won't tell Tom.
Don't worry. I won't tell Tom.
Tom said that he likes to swim.
He was buried in this graveyard.
Sunglasses protect our eyes from the sun.
I have a couple of questions I'd like to ask.
I have a couple of questions I'd like to ask.
I am afraid I ate something bad.
Jane came to our town three years ago.
I've done half the work, and now I can take a break.
I wanted to marry him.
She lost her dog.
Tom and Mary were talking quietly in the kitchen a few minutes ago.
Tom always tries to set a good example for his children.
What is the good of doing it?
What is the good of doing it?
The heat was terrible.
The cause of the fire was known.
Tom is always on time.
Tom has got nowhere to go.
Tom killed Mary three years ago.
Tom killed Mary three years ago.
Tom had nowhere to go.
Tom didn't have any place to go.
Summer is almost over.
I'm watching the news.
I'm leaving in a week.
You have no messages.
You have no messages.
There's no sugar.
I ate that apple.
I ate that apple.
May I use your car today?
Tom can hardly support himself on his salary.
His lecture started on time.
Mayuko can't stand living alone.
He sat at a distance from me.
The river flows calmly.
You don't have to make a different dish for every person.
It's a messy situation.
He was too old to swim.
It matters not how a man dies, but how he lives.
She spends a lot of money on clothes.
I've just been to the post office.
Let me pay for the dinner.
The budget must be balanced.
The point is they're too young.
The storm prevented us from arriving on time.
Could you bring me a pillow and blanket, please?
She doesn't have a computer.
The house was built of bricks.
He phoned me to talk about his holiday plans.
Tom is very interested in sports.
He is of noble ancestry.
Don't say I didn't warn you.
Don't say I didn't warn you.
Don't say I didn't warn you.
I like Chinese food a lot.
I like Chinese food a lot.
I like Chinese food a lot.
The experiment has to begin.
I phoned Mary, but the line was busy.
May I suggest another hotel?
It's the right size.
Tom was advised to give up smoking.
Tell me a bedtime story.
Kunihiko hit the target with his first shot.
She played a part in the women's lib movement.
A scream broke the silence.
She found pleasure in reading.
She looked sad.
She must have been very beautiful when she was young.
She is wearing a valuable ring.
She leaves for New York next Sunday.
She is apparently an honest woman.
She gathered the pieces of the broken dish.
She is out of danger.
People don't want to die.
Fill the bucket with water.
Fill the bucket with water.
Fill the bottle with water.
Fill the bottle with water.
I hate myself.
I hate myself.
You have to add more details to the report.
They overcame the enemy.
It is stupid of you to believe in him.
They arranged a meeting.
They went to the park the next morning.
Would you like to leave a message for him?
They have their own troubles.
He gave each of them a pencil.
They have something to do with the scandal.
They talked over the plan for hours.
He examined the spare parts one after another.
He looked at her angrily.
He must be an American.
He cut off a branch from the tree.
He was nearly hit by the car while crossing the street.
He seems to have a touch of fever.
He kept on laughing at me.
He found me a nice tie.
He didn't know how to express himself.
He survived his wife.
He is drawing a picture.
He is by no means stupid.
He has nothing to do.
He hasn't left any message.
He likes taking a walk by himself.
He talks as if he knew the secret.
He gives plain, simple explanations.
He prepared his speech very carefully.
His dream has become a reality.
He'll catch up with us in an hour.
Don't buy me any more presents.
Don't buy me any more presents.
I just got a promotion.
We trusted Tom.
I almost started to cry.
Don't ever doubt it.
Don't ever doubt it.
This cat doesn't chase mice.
I've been looking into the problem.
I've been looking into the problem.
I'm satisfied with his progress.
His concert attracted many people.
Why doesn't he subpoena them?
In Japan the school year begins in April.
The dense fog made the building invisible.
My brother is interested in English and music.
A number of countries have strict laws against drugs.
For all I know, he was born in Italy.
Living on a small income is hard.
The passengers all went aboard the ship.
My uncle lived a happy life.
You'd better wait for the next bus.
We flew nonstop from Osaka to Los Angeles.
You will not get there on time.
I walked around in the field.
Seeing me, the baby began to cry.
I'm getting married in October.
I planted roses in the garden.
I was worried about his health.
I ordered them to leave the room.
I was worried about his health.
When does it open?
When does it open?
You're a terrible person.
You're a terrible person.
Thanks for yesterday.
You're almost never wrong.
You're almost never wrong.
Roses have thorns.
We're going to need it.
We'll need chairs.
I couldn't stop them.
Put some music on.
You bought an expensive coat.
Finally they both fell asleep.
Assemble all of the leaders of my army.
I don't have time to argue with you.
I don't have time to argue with you.
I don't want to rest.
I didn't want to die.
Is this an actor?
I need your signature here.
I need your signature here.
What a sad movie it was!
I think maybe I have the wrong number.
Is he the owner of this house?
How can I lose weight?
Can I use your pencil?
I think Tom will win.
I hope Tom wins.
My house is on the south bank of the Thames.
That was a journey full of adventures.
It's not even funny!
Tom clapped his hands happily.
You can solve the problem in nonviolent ways.
That's possible, but it will take time.
The library is now under construction.
How many digits does that number have?
It has become noticeably colder.
I just wanted to make sure everyone was awake.
You're unimaginative.
Why don't you just tell Tom you made a mistake?
Why don't you just tell Tom you made a mistake?
Find out what the problem is.
Where's the beard?
Which way is the elevator?
What a beautiful ring!
According to her, he is a coward.
I'll tell you exactly what to say.
I'll tell you exactly what to say.
I can't stand that kind of politician.
I don't remember agreeing to anything.
I don't swim as much as I used to.
He took advantage of the opportunity.
The question is whether he can be trusted.
Tom told me to leave the room immediately.
Tom told me to leave the room immediately.
I think I still have time for another cup of coffee.
Either Tom or I will attend the meeting.
He was poor and couldn't buy a coat.
I don't even have a single girlfriend.
Are rabbits cuter than squirrels?
I'm going to swim every day.
Do you really care what I think?
London was very important for economical and cultural reasons.
This book has a certain value.
You just made a very big mistake.
You just made a very big mistake.
You just made a very big mistake.
I showered before breakfast.
I waste a lot of time daydreaming.
I have nothing to do this afternoon.
I had an accident at work.
I finally escaped.
I spent my vacation in Hakone.
I bent over to pick up the pen.
I see the dog almost every day.
I ordered the book from England.
My sister got married in her teens.
My dream is to study abroad.
I passed the examination with difficulty.
I have nothing particular to do.
My brother went to the United States to study law.
Don't worry about my dog.
We must sleep at least seven hours a day.
I do a lot of worrying.
The moment I held the baby in my arms, it began to cry.
It is a payday today.
It is a payday today.
The first attack missed the target.
I don't think I shall get through all this work this afternoon.
How about a cup of tea or something, if you aren't in a hurry?
Write an essay on "Friendship".
Take out the trash.
Take out the trash.
I'm trying to learn English.
It's just a tale.
I'm dying for a beer!
I need someone I can trust.
Do you mind my sitting next to you?
Don't spend too much money.
That story is too incredible to be true.
There are a great many forest fires in America.
Your mother is anxious about your health.
Dad! Mom! I have some great news for you!
Would you give me a cup of coffee?
May I take your coat?
This rope is sturdy.
This window won't open.
This problem is a real challenge.
I was surprised to see so many people at the concert.
I fully agree with your point of view.
Columbus' discovery of America was accidental.
These glasses are beautiful.
This is too bright.
Many forms of life are disappearing.
It is a trivial matter.
Last night, there was a fire in the supermarket.
Professor Jones retires next year.
How much does an egg cost?
I have no proof to the contrary.
The group is made up of six members.
Are you ready to hear the bad news?
The cat pressed its nose against the window.
The girl wore a yellow ribbon in her hair.
The man connected two wires.
The river runs through the valley.
The law will be effective from the 1st of April.
The tower is three hundred and twenty-one meters high.
The train is always on time.
Dennis can be very wild sometimes.
I'm concerned about the result of the exam.
I have just finished my homework.
It has too many disadvantages.
Tony broke it.
We will keep the peace at all costs.
The thief ran away.
Tom is in bed with a fever.
The Beatles gave five concerts in Tokyo in 1996.
We stopped over in Athens on our way to Paris.
The bus leaves every fifteen minutes.
In New York there are a lot of Japanese restaurants.
I'm not going to forgive you.
I just ate a falafel.
I'm still suffering from jet lag.
I can pay upfront.
Where's the noise coming from?
Perry has acquired the habit of thinking aloud.
How nice to be in Hawaii again!
I have not finished the task yet.
It is just a year since I got married.
It is just a year since I got married.
Better to be the head of a dog than the tail of a lion.
All but one were present.
The doctor examined my throat.
The doctor advised my father to give up smoking.
I'll take in the washing before it rains.
Is there any salt left?
I prefer going out to staying at home.
Learning a foreign language is fun.
What time does the play begin?
I can't attend the meeting.
It was you that made the mistake!
Where are you going on vacation?
I'm dying to see Kumiko.
There is an album on the desk.
A fire broke out near my house.
It was dark under the bridge.
You should visit Kyoto.
I will have finished the work before you return.
All you have to do is sign this paper.
Thanks to your help, I could succeed.
You have a gift for music.
I'm sick of fighting.
I'm afraid you must be mistaken.
Did they buy the juice?
It glows in the dark.
This train leaves at nine o'clock.
There are no roses in the garden.
If I had known that the exam would be so easy, I would have studied much less.
You can head on home.
She passed the test by the skin of her teeth.
Play the ball, not the man.
Tom won't allow it.
Don't worry about the results of your test.
Tom told me you were dissatisfied.
Tom told me about your suspicions.
Tell me about your trip.
Tom was absent from school because he was sick.
It's not just a theory.
What is your favorite word to express that something is great?
You're replaceable.
You're replaceable.
Tom is very unhappy, isn't he?
Do you hate me?
Put two blankets on the bed.
It was a horrible scene.
I'm telling you this confidentially.
I'm going to empty this cabinet so that you can use it.
I woke up at sunrise.
If they could eat in a restaurant every night, they would. They hate cooking.
Let's not talk about sports.
I'm just guessing.
It's the same hat.
I hate myself.
It's a waste of time and money.
She's not the marrying type.
What if she actually had no other choice?
You'll need to wear a tie.
The picture was wonderful. You ought to have seen it.
The weather is usually hot in July.
You said you had a theory.
Tom dialed the wrong number.
Don't waste your time doing that.
I cannot comply with his request.
He promised me to come by five at the latest.
South Korea is much more beautiful than North Korea.
We studied the government's economic policy.
Meg acquired many new friends.
Under such circumstances, we cannot succeed.
Rain is scarce in this country.
You must act according to your principles.
The scientist is conducting medical research.
Tom ate everything on his plate.
Tom ate a lot more than I expected.
What is your greatest weakness?
What is your greatest weakness?
What is your greatest weakness?
What is your greatest weakness?
What is your greatest strength?
I take full responsibility for this.
I tried to eat it, but I couldn't.
Fish is cheap today.
Our financial problems are serious.
I'm happy because I'm studying Russian finally.
I'm happy because I'm studying Russian finally.
Leave more space between the lines.
I don't teach them to swim.
He has nothing to complain about.
The stamp came off.
The murder weapon wasn't found.
She turned on the TV.
What did Tom give to you?
What did Tom give to you?
Life is a gift. Accept it.
Can you show me the way?
Oh, that's silly.
The ship will arrive in San Francisco this evening.
I took a taxi from the station to the hotel.
In this shop we sell meat.
Don't forget to remind me of that.
The end of the world is coming.
Tom got another chance.
The end of the world is coming.
Some animals, such as lions, eat meat.
Pass me the sugar, please.
Please pass me the sugar.
Tom has a beard.
He has a beard.
He's got a thick beard.
I am shaving off my beard.
I'm right behind you.
Tom earns a good salary.
How many years have you been married?
Tom laughed, but no one else did.
Tom prefers not to talk about that.
We're worried.
This is your bedroom.
I couldn't wake you up.
I couldn't wake you up.
I want you to consider this proposal.
You need not have bought the book.
You need not have bought the book.
He reached for the pistol.
He reached for the book.
She reached for the bag.
She reached for the bag.
Tom reached for his knife.
These tools are used for building a house.
Tom reached for a pen.
Tom reached for his glasses.
Tom reached for his weapon.
Tom reached for the bottle.
Tom didn't want to dance with me.
Tom didn't want to dance with me.
We need air support!
I will need some help.
I can't wait to go to college.
I'm sorry. Did I wake you up?
Guess what Tom found.
Guess what Tom found.
Give Tom another chance.
Give Tom another chance.
Give Tom my regards.
Give Tom my regards.
She was expelled from the school.
What would be your advice?
What would be your advice?
Why don't you trust Tom?
Why don't you trust Tom?
I heard an explosion.
Tom said he didn't know how to swim very well.
Tom doesn't swim very well.
Tom wasn't very good at swimming.
His suit was gray and his tie was yellow.
I hate waiting like this.
Sorry about yesterday.
It was only recently that she changed her mind.
Reading is a good activity.
You're always drunk.
I think I'm ready for a change.
It was not what he said, but the way he said it that made me suspicious.
I would never have guessed that Tom couldn't swim.
I hate to complain.
I learned a valuable lesson.
Tom went to Japan to study Japanese.
They say love is blind.
A few days' rest will do you good.
I wish I wasn't such an idiot.
I thought you were leaving.
I thought you were leaving.
Let's hope it doesn't come to that.
Tom was a good man. He didn't deserve to die.
This aroused her suspicion.
You haven't taught me.
He'll rip my head off.
You must be very proud of your son.
You must be very proud of your son.
I advised her to catch a morning train.
You got here in time.
You're so stupid.
What is the use of beauty?
We're downsizing.
We have no chance.
Tom said that he wanted to teach me French.
You're still wearing the ring Tom gave you.
The soldiers' mission was to destroy the bridge.
I feel bad about what happened.
That was a question I should've asked before.
The bench is long.
We hate raw onions.
I didn't trust him at first.
I didn't trust her at first.
Tom is studying law at Harvard.
His garden is a work of art.
Look at the moon.
Tom looked at the moon.
Look at the moon.
We're waiting for you.
She fainted, but woke up soon.
You'll never guess who I just met.
He promised to sell.
I love you, my angel.
The water was lukewarm.
Tom didn't have as much trouble falling asleep as he thought he would.
Tom didn't know how to cope with the problem.
Tom won't talk to you.
Tom didn't notice the surveillance camera.
Tom doesn't agree.
I hate fish.
I had no other choice.
Tom wants to dance.
It's not a snake. It's only a piece of rope.
I studied Chinese at the University of Venice.
Tom retired at the age of 65.
Tom is so rude.
I'm not going to be afraid again.
Tom was lying unconscious on the sidewalk.
Tom isn't a threat.
Father gives Mother all his salary.
Tom doesn't want to hurt us.
We had a good conversation.
Tom didn't struggle.
Tom didn't suffer.
What do you feel like doing after lunch?
Go with the flow.
The children were messing around with the dog.
Have you got any idea what I'm talking about?
You were almost in time.
Tom trusted her.
Tom trusted him.
I'd leave a message.
I'll make an effort to get up early every morning.
When I heard that, I put two and two together.
When I heard that, I put two and two together.
Her results last year were lackluster.
I agree with his suggestion.
Young people often make mistakes.
Young people often make mistakes.
Tom is in a lot of pain, but he says that he can take it.
He couldn't start the motor.
Your idea is ridiculous.
Your idea is ridiculous.
I think you've been talking about me behind my back.
This book changed my life.
I've retired.
Tom retired.
We must continue.
Would you teach me?
Would you teach me?
The baby can't walk yet.
You can count on me.
You can count on me.
I agree with that.
You can count on me.
Tom followed Mary's advice.
You still have a lot to learn about relationships.
The bus was awfully crowded.
He is a good correspondent.
Tell me why you think you can't trust me.
Tell me why you think you can't trust me.
I was hoping for something a little more helpful.
Tom loves to fish.
Didn't I warn you?
There was no hurry.
God, you're beautiful.
I passed the exam.
The bear was eating an apple.
My father has been to Australia twice.
Daddy loves to say funny things.
My father had once been in Greece.
Stop screaming.
Your telegram arrived just as I was about to telephone you.
Everything is ok, don't worry.
They tore off their clothes.
He has made a promise to come again.
He doesn't altogether trust me.
That work needs to be finished by evening.
The lady looked sad, also tired.
The leaves have changed colors.
What kind of car do you drive?
Tom shuddered.
I can't believe I kissed you.
I can't believe I kissed you.
I can't believe I kissed you.
The perpetrator could almost completely remove all traces.
I even wrote a speech just in case I was asked to give one.
I wasn't dancing!
I wish I could remember her name.
I think I miscalculated.
A noise woke her up.
Tom held his breath.
It's so nice to stay at home.
Guess whose birthday it is today.
You should've paid your bills on time.
I know I should've called first.
I should've changed the oil.
I should've paid in advance.
It's pity that nobody came to meet you at the station.
You should've taken his advice.
I never should've bought that.
I should've eaten more.
He changed his name.
I've made several mistakes in my life.
My brother hates me.
She advised him to stay in bed for two more days.
She advised him to stay in bed for two more days.
I've made many mistakes in my life.
I have not finished breakfast yet.
I do things in my own way.
When was the last time you stayed at a hotel?
I think that he's an idiot.
Our teacher demanded that we keep quiet.
Why are you so sad?
Why are you so sad?
Why are you so sad?
I have kept company with her for about 10 years.
Tom certainly is aware of what happened here yesterday.
All this bickering is starting to fray my nerves.
Don't expect everyone to be here on time.
Does your back hurt? "No, not really." "Oh, that's something then, isn't it?"
He jumped from one subject to another.
My back hurts because I've been sitting in front of the computer for too long.
I have no explanation.
Did you pass your exams?
He was made a fool of by his neighbors.
Tom doesn't like vacations.
He had to address the meeting.
Bitter medicine will not necessarily do you good.
It is an index of her character.
We must stop this experiment.
I have no clue what you're talking about.
Newspapers did not report that news.
The girl doesn't like juice.
Tom happens to be very good at French.
It is a system of direct exchange of goods.
Everything was going great.
I'm not complaining.
I'm studying art at school.
Such a teacher may as well retire from his work.
Actually, they want to pay us.
Pretend you've won.
Do you agree with Mr. Burns or do you agree with Mr. Roland?
He should work for the European Commission.
What instruments does Tom play?
I wish Tom were here to see Mary dance.
I hate raccoons.
He was in reality a criminal.
Tomorrow, God willing, we'll be with your parents.
What time's your shift?
How fast were you driving?
I mean our telephone conversation on the fourth of December.
Tom claims one and only one god exists.
He had such a bright future ahead of him.
He has been to England twice.
Here's your dinner. "Dinner for breakfast? Oh boy, this is delicious!"
Can you tell the difference?
For Christ's sake, stop it!
No offence!
Can I trust him?
Can I trust her?
Can he be trusted?
Can she be trusted?
Sometimes, the best response is to restrain yourself from responding.
Tom couldn't decide what to order.
Tom got up and started dancing.
Tom complains about everything.
The economy has entered a recession.
Tom asked how much we had paid.
I'm the only one you can trust.
I'm the only one you can trust.
What color are your nails?
I'm never going to get married.
I'd rather not discuss it here.
I'll consider that possibility.
She decided to marry him.
We've been trying to keep it a secret.
Do you have any family pictures you can show me?
Tom showed me the pictures he took at the wedding.
We have to go back to the train station.
We have to go back to the train station.
Don't call him an idiot.
How happy are you?
I told you it was stupid.
I'm not being cruel.
I can't remember of the subsequent events.
How did you know that I was going to ask you that question?
The train was on time today, as always.
He was slain in battle.
Excuse me, where is the library?
I'm studying French because I need it for my job.
Is there any sugar?
We'd like to ask you a few questions.
We'd like to ask you a few questions.
We'd like to ask you a few questions.
I wouldn't touch that if I were you.
Tom made a speech.
He spoke too quickly. I couldn't parse what he said.
It seldom snows here in the winter.
It seldom snows here in the winter.
He's wearing a new coat.
I hate my computer.
It's not a computer problem.
Tom wants to know how he can lose weight quickly.
You're spending too much money.
Tom ran away with the money.
She is buying the computer.
I'm not sure I'd be much help.
How quickly does the bird fly?
How quickly can you finish these pictures?
I would like to pay with cash. Is breakfast included in the price?
You know you can trust me.
You know you can trust me.
That's good news.
I refuse to accept that.
We stand for democracy.
We stand for democracy.
Hey, you!
Where did you learn to dance like that?
Where did you learn to dance like that?
Where did you learn to dance like that?
He kissed her again.
He kissed her again.
She kissed him again.
You made a big mistake.
You made a big mistake.
There are a lot of eggs in the box.
I love you, he whispered.
I love you, she whispered.
If I were you, I wouldn't worry.
It looked like Tom was about to cry.
Give me back my ring.
His lecture made a deep impression on us.
I don't like swimming.
We're already married.
She took offence at something.
I don't want Tom making the same mistakes I made.
I don't want Tom to make the same mistake I made.
I don't want you to make the same mistake I made.
A cool autumn is coming.
John has five apples.
How did I let this happen?
Something terrible happened here.
I felt my hands shaking and my heart beating fast.
It's been a long time since I've eaten Chinese food.
It's a reasonable price.
They're wearing very expensive rings.
She taught her children Russian.
The ring is tight.
We want to have a baby.
You're going to have a great time.
You're going to have a great time.
What did your husband give you for your birthday?
We ordered too much food.
Tom wants to be respected.
I want to eat something that isn't sweet.
Tom kissed her on the cheek.
I hate birthday parties.
I hate camping out.
I hate camping out.
Tom pressed the pause button.
Tom pressed the wrong button.
How much did you pay?
How much did you pay?
Life is like a big highway.
He has been busy since this morning.
I can barely walk.
Tom can hardly walk.
Don't trust what Tom says.
Can you teach me how to ride a horse?
Can you teach me how to ride a horse?
Tom hates you.
Tom hates you.
I'll be there in thirty minutes.
Tom hung up the phone.
Tom is hiding something.
She ran out of money.
Tom is the only witness. There are no other witnesses.
I have to help Tom clean his room.
For next class, I want you guys to transcribe the lyrics from any singer as long as it's in English.
She and I didn't live together until marriage.
Tom is painting.
Tom spent several hours in the library.
They made breakfast.
That's a low blow.
Thank you very much for the useful advice.
We tried to warn them.
I'm going to stop by your office tomorrow.
Tom opened the box and looked inside.
Tom has promised to help.
Tom said that he was lonely.
Tom says he can't sleep.
Tell Tom that I don't need his help.
Are we already leaving?
Tom told me that he was lonely.
Tom flipped on the light.
Let's play cards instead.
Tom was sitting at his computer.
Tom was sitting at his computer.
Tom has asked me to marry him.
This young man has a bright future.
How come you know Upper and Lower Sorbian anyway? "I've been learning both languages for the past several years."
How come you know Upper and Lower Sorbian anyway? "I've been learning both languages for the past several years."
She married him for his money.
Tom drank some juice.
I usually take a shower before breakfast.
I've got a lot of questions I need to ask you.
Get a move on!
When she saw my face, she started to cry.
Thanks for translating my sentences.
You wouldn't remember.
Tom deserved what he got.
Tom is not a true warrior.
Tom didn't allow me to pay for dinner.
We're worried about you.
We always have a choice.
I have a client waiting in the waiting room.
Tom never makes the same mistake twice.
Last night was great, wasn't it?
Tom told me you were on vacation.
Are you having financial problems?
I think this is a serious and reliable person.
Why is he hiding under the table?
She interrupted me.
I don't want to sell my soul to the devil.
I had no place else to go.
I'm here if you need me.
I'm in a bit of trouble.
I thought I could trust you.
I want to know all the details.
Tom is strict.
It's time to go to bed.
The boy ate the apple.
He interrupted me.
Tom hasn't ever studied French.
He was a cruel man.
I agree with him.
I agree with him.
The customer's always right, even when they're not.
I'm proud of you all.
Silly, isn't it?
Tom grew up in a small town in Australia.
He suffers from osteoporosis.
She suffers from osteoporosis.
You suffer from osteoporosis.
You suffer from osteoporosis.
Come back here, you coward.
My name is not "Mr. Ricardo"; it's just Ricardo or Rick.
I just wanted to warn you.
I just wanted to warn you.
I just wanted to warn you.
I just wanted to give you a heads-up.
We have the opposite problem.
Tom kept working even though he was very tired.
This doesn't fit into any category.
I'd like to buy this computer, but it costs a fortune!
Do you agree with this?
Do you agree with that?
I'm sorry about the other day.
Would it bother you if I smoke?
It's your turn to tell me a secret.
What was his reaction to this news?
He has no sense of direction.
I didn't call you stupid.
I've never trusted her and I never will.
I must ask you to be more specific.
Everything is black and white in my bedroom.
The thief ran away when he saw a policeman.
Can you give me some specifics?
He is studying law at the university.
Not everybody is the same.
The word order needs to be changed.
My older sister finally got married.
There's no need to do that now.
They were silent for a moment.
You can't drive now. You've been drinking.
I won't marry anyone.
You don't talk to me that way.
Will you stop it already!
Some important papers are missing from the files.
Why do you waste most of your time on Tatoeba?
Tom tried to remember the doctor's name, but he couldn't.
After the rain, fair weather.
He was sent abroad as a correspondent.
There's nowhere to go.
I'm not sure how accurate that is.
Since happiness doesn't exist, we have to strive to be happy without it.
The vegetable garden looked bedraggled after being hit by an early frost.
Why are you so glum?
I'm fine, thanks for asking!
I'm fine, thanks for asking!
Maybe I'm wrong.
Does anyone have a match?
Does anybody have a match?
I left a message for Tom.
Tom could hear everything.
We got the news.
We got the news.
Young people must respect the law.
Young people must respect the law.
And he's gonna get away with it?
I'm staying at that hotel.
He died a sad death.
The idiots are always yelling at each other for stupid reasons.
Tom made thirty thousand dollars last month.
Are you scared?
Were you scared?
Do they suspect me?
I'm afraid there isn't any coffee left.
Do you really want to live forever?
Do you really want to live forever?
How many people are on board the ship?
I want to get married and I want to have kids.
I want to get married and I want to have kids.
I want to get married and I want to have kids.
We found the murder weapon.
You can't step twice into the same river.
What about you? Do you trust this man?
I paid 30 dollars for that.
I paid 30 dollars for that.
He has a talent for music.
You've got a visitor.
You've got a visitor.
Do you agree with me?
Can I take a message?
Turn on the TV.
A bus pulled up in front of the hotel.
Come aboard.
Exactly six years ago I first came to New Zealand.
He did not want her to leave.
She did not want him to leave.
The girl has a mouse.
What is the voltage?
Where did you put my passport?
Where did you put my passport?
Where did you hide my passport?
Sorry, but I've already won.
I've studied French since I was thirteen.
Hey, that's mine.
Do I need to make a speech?
Tom didn't deserve this to happen to him.
You decide! It's your future!
You can use mine.
Music is her passion.
Don't break the branches.
Don't break the branches.
Did you cook this yourself?
Did you cook this yourself?
I ate a fly by mistake.
Tom listens to the radio while eating breakfast.
Tom listens to the radio while eating breakfast.
Tom will be here before 2:30.
Tom likes listening to the radio when he's driving.
Tom left his house before dawn.
Tom learned to swim last summer.
I can hardly hear you.
I know what my weaknesses are.
That must be awful.
He kissed you, didn't he?
I've been studying French since I was thirteen.
Tom said it wasn't necessary.
My dog likes to romp in the snow.
You will pay for what you've done.
I was planning to do my homework, but I fell asleep.
The world chased me, but never caught.
We're looking for someone who can take care of these kinds of problems.
I wanted to watch you die.
I wanted to watch you die.
His shirt was gray and the tie was yellow.
I am afraid you have the wrong number.
When was the last time you went camping?
I should've left the gun where I found it.
The lesson has ended.
I wonder where Tom is spending his vacation.
Ben is behind them, but he'll soon catch up with them.
Which color do you prefer?
We have to turn in reports on Monday.
You're incredibly beautiful.
I doubt that Tom understands what we're talking about.
What you did was really stupid.
They will agree on that.
I'm so lonely.
What are you babbling about?
That's why I was absent.
Every member of the cabinet was present.
My homework was easier than I expected.
I want to drive.
Are you on vacation?
Are you on vacation?
Losses on both sides were extremely high.
Did you win?
My daughter won't listen to me.
How much does he spend per month?
Are you trying to impress me?
She gave me a watch for a birthday present.
He went aboard the plane.
It is a pleasure to watch a baseball game on TV.
The explanation is simple.
This material stretches easily.
Tom pointed at the sky.
He died of natural causes.
Here's a list of people I want to invite to our wedding.
Fingernails grow nearly four times faster than toenails.
Tom is ill at ease among strangers.
That dog is so stupid.
What time do you go to sleep Saturday night?
The actor is two years senior to me.
Tom seldom speaks to me anymore.
They caught up with us quickly.
They caught up with us quickly.
This is simply amazing.
We always pay the same amount.
I think Tom hates me.
I think Tom hates me.
I think Tom hates me.
I understand your anger.
I've written part of the report already.
I've written part of the report already.
I don't trust you at all.
I hate you all.
I hate you all.
Tom sat on the bench all by himself.
My family thinks I've lost my mind.
My dog was hit by a car.
If I know what love is, it is because of you.
Tom pressed one of the buttons.
We bought new furniture.
Let's continue.
Let's continue.
Hang the mirror on the wall.
Hang the mirror on the wall.
They have to clean the room.
That gold ring belonged to my mother.
He has a good ear for music.
My brother has an ear for music.
They don't have an ear for music.
I doubt that Tom is very hungry.
This is my red pencil.
What are you complaining about?
What are you complaining about?
You saved my marriage, Tom.
You saved my marriage, Tom.
What proof do you have that he committed this crime?
If "every rule has at least one exception" is a rule, then at least one rule has no exception.
We agreed to disagree.
Count me in!
Come anytime you like.
Tom pledged his support.
Tom pledged his support.
You probably shouldn't mention that to anyone.
This area is pressurized.
I tried to keep from laughing.
I tried to keep from laughing.
My dog is mad.
My dog is mad.
We're out of coffee.
Please don't force me to go.
Everybody probably thinks I'm crazy.
Did you kiss anybody?
Did you kiss anybody?
Did you kiss anybody?
Did you kiss anybody?
Churchill visited Stalin late in 1944.
Tom told us not to worry.
She studies in the library after school.
She studies in the library after school.
Did the phone wake you?
Did the phone wake you?
I'll tell you a secret that will change your life.
Do you think you can buy my friendship?
The news of the air accident left me uneasy.
Women change the world.
As long as you have hope, a chance remains.
When he arrived, I made coffee.
I don't want to sell my soul for money.
I suggest you turn around and go back home.
It was my last chance.
This monument is closed to visitors.
Tom hates these kinds of things.
The Sahara is the largest source of dust in the world.
My heart is broken.
Is there a park near your house?
What's that awful sound?
She came to Japan to study Japanese.
This tree is too young to bear fruit.
Do you want to win?
Do you want to win?
I only buy yellow cars.
Tom will be glad to see you.
Tom will be glad to see you.
I didn't follow my own advice.
I learned a lot from his books.
Tom made the same mistake as before.
I don't think you need to be worried about that.
The car slowly gathered speed.
What did you do to get expelled from school?
We're leaving here.
A woman's work is never done.
You're bleeding.
I don't think Tom knows how to run the business.
She joined the Red Cross.
He flew to Iraq to see for himself what the war looks like.
War has become a big business for Washington's neocons.
How dare you say that!
How dare you say that!
I've never kissed a girl.
I don't want to die yet.
All you do is complain!
The man blushed.
The man blushed.
I've just now finished doing my French homework.
We're going to need your help.
We'll be needing your help.
I'm interested in the history of Australia.
Clean hands save lives.
Tom has a habit of losing his temper.
She witnessed the crime.
She witnessed the crime.
When did you learn to swim?
We were supposed to tell everyone to leave.
We were supposed to tell everyone to leave.
The prince wants a white horse.
It's a true story.
I don't want to discuss it.
Who will win?
Bears live in forests and do not like people.
They spoke quietly so as not to wake the baby.
Portugal is not an exception.
How much did you pay for this?
She's hiding something.
He's hiding something.
Construction began in 2013.
I can't make out what Tom says.
You're a fucking genius.
His salary is high.
Tom is a person who can be trusted.
Tom is a person who can be trusted.
He's very lonely.
She said that she would come back again, which was a lie.
He became famous all over the world.
I knew you'd been studying French.
I knew you'd been studying French.
Who would do such a stupid thing?
Why are you jumping?
We don't have much choice.
Tom forgot to do his homework.
I dare not even think what happened to them.
Let's give Tom a chance to do the right thing.
What a sad story!
What a sad story this is!
You must come without fail.
Tom told me he was sad.
Tom is refusing to help us.
Tom is in the kitchen, cutting up some vegetables.
He was hit by lightning.
It would be great if you could come with us.
I hurt my elbow.
She's selling drugs at concerts.
You can always change it.
I really feel terrible.
What's your opinion of Japanese food?
Can Tom be trusted?
I didn't have time to think about it.
Tom doesn't make exceptions for anyone.
Tom doesn't like working on an empty stomach.
Tom doesn't like to rely on others.
Today is the last day of January.
You broke your leg.
You're joking, right?
You're joking!
You're joking!
Tom looked at his dog.
Tom looked at his dog.
It did not last more than three minutes.
His men began their attack on Mexico City.
She made a serious mistake.
He bent forward.
That was a very sad story.
Please remind me to post the letter.
I want to learn to dance like you.
Where are you taking me?
I woke up in a cold sweat.
How sad!
You have my full support.
Everyone believed his lie.
Tom took a magazine out of his briefcase and began reading it.
I'm interested in bouldering.
Tom took a magazine out of his briefcase and began reading it.
The transportation in this city is very convenient.
The smell of food made me hungry.
He picked it up carefully.
The train will arrive at ten o'clock.
The weather varies from day to day.
I'm taking a dance class.
Trang is as pretty as Dorenda.
The metro is on the right!
You have to be active.
She'll never notice the difference.
He'll never notice the difference.
How did you get caught?
How did you get caught?
This time I'll let it slide.
What choice do you have?
What choice do you have?
What choice do you have?
My customers never complain.
My family's going to love you.
My initials are on my briefcase.
My schedule is rather tight.
I trust your advice.
I think you worry too much, Tom.
I don't quite agree.
Tom stole something from my house.
Let's not waste time arguing.
I don't trust banks.
Where are you hiding?
Where are you hiding?
Where does the devil live?
Tom doesn't make mistakes.
Winter weather is extremely hard in this area.
This is not a job for an amateur.
I wouldn't advise it.
Let's try a small experiment.
Where is the blanket?
Goals determine what you are going to be.
How many crazy people are there in this town?
Tom didn't learn to drive until he was thirty.
Tom likes coffee without sugar.
Tom likes coffee without sugar.
Is there a chance that'll happen?
Has prison changed him?
How much did you have to pay for the tickets?
How much did you have to pay for the tickets?
Tom never even saw a computer until he was thirteen.
Tom didn't learn to drive until he was thirty.
Southward.
Promise me one thing.
Promise me one thing.
They fought until the end.
She fought until the end.
How many people are on board?
Please advise me what to do.
I know where Tom hides his money.
I know where Tom hides his money.
I know where you hide your money.
I know where you hide your money.
I know you don't trust us.
I know you don't trust us.
They want to create a synthetic life form.
Don't walk on the carpet.
Don't walk on the carpet.
I hate that cat.
It's time to change.
You never change.
You signed a confession.
They're a couple of cowards.
Please shuffle the cards.
I want Tom to win the election.
I won't be able to sleep.
I was married to a man who looked exactly like your father.
Tom embraced his father.
You're not a killer and neither am I.
Where will it end?
I hate everybody.
We agree on everything.
Don't worry about your family.
We were joking.
I trust my friends.
I listened to her story.
I hugged her tightly.
I asked her out on a date.
I asked her for a date.
Tom is now in tenth place.
That's just your imagination.
That's just your imagination.
It was just your imagination.
It was just your imagination.
Tom works for a Japanese company.
Don't tell me you don't know how to drive.
It doesn't have to end like this.
I wouldn't count on it.
I completely agree with you.
Tom committed a terrible crime.
Tom often has trouble choosing what clothes to wear.
Give me another nail.
The driver felt like taking a rest.
Mary's husband is dying so she spends the night at his bedside at the hospital.
Whatever happens, don't say my name.
She does have a lot of math homework.
Does anyone disagree?
Do you want to play a game?
Tom is probably buying a bus ticket right now.
They just don't trust you.
They just don't trust you.
Does that mean that you forgive me?
My vacation was terrible.
China is now the world's second largest economy.
Her pillow was wet with tears.
He tries to impress his friends.
The earth moves around the sun in 365 days.
Please give me a wake-up call at eight o'clock.
I'm here to learn.
I didn't know you didn't like Chinese food.
Boys are stupid.
It's as clear as day.
Was that a lie?
She is proud of having been beautiful in her youth.
You may kiss me if you like.
Tom always said he wanted to learn how to play mahjong.
Tom didn't pass today's exam.
Are you dying?
That apple isn't red.
I have four computers, but two of them are so old I don't use them anymore.
How did you cook this?
How did you cook this?
The tower is fifteen metres high.
Please don't pour sugar into my coffee.
Do you hate me? "No." "So do you love me?" "Why are you asking?"
Tom escaped from the castle, disguised as a woman.
No one was killed in the fire.
An old Witch met him on the road. She was very ugly to look at: her under-lip hung down to her breast.
I could help take care of the baby.
I've seen them around.
The bus never came.
The English word "amoeba" and the Japanese word "tatoeba" don't rhyme.
This has to stop immediately.
I'm just going to rest during the summer vacation.
I've been worrying about that.
Don't tease me.
Don't tease me.
Stop bothering me.
Stop teasing me.
Stop teasing me.
Promise me that you'll come back.
Does it matter to you what time we arrive?
I promised Tom I'd help him.
I'm playing with a computer.
A strange feeling came over me.
Rags to riches.
Tom said he didn't think it was worth the risk.
Tom seems like a great guy.
Can you give me a slice of bread?
The kids were playing in the schoolyard.
It's nothing you need to worry about.
Three men broke out of prison yesterday.
We're going to find out who did that.
I make a bargain with him over the price.
They still supported him and his policies.
They will change it.
Tom can't swim at all.
Why are you asking these questions?
You need rest.
You need rest.
You need to sit down and rest.
You need to sit down and rest.
He left town.
Attendance is mandatory.
Can you teach me to fly?
Tom is more experienced in business than I am.
Tom is more experienced in business than I am.
Tom is more experienced in business than I am.
I don't agree with you on this point.
I let you win.
Tom fell silent.
From the hill we can have a beautiful view of the sea.
You complain too much.
You complain too much.
With the release of Skype, studying languages has become easier.
Are you saying Tom is a thief?
Are you saying Tom is a thief?
It must be removed.
It must be removed.
I have learned a lot from this conversation.
Where did you learn how to do that?
She stared at him with hatred.
Both planes were flying at the same altitude.
Tom, can you hear me?
Why were you keeping it a secret from me?
Tom, I'm in the basement.
OK, you win.
OK, you win.
Tom promised he wouldn't do that.
She is almost sixty years old.
Don't kid about that.
Where did you hide them?
Where did you hide them?
Where did you hide them?
They made mistakes.
They made mistakes.
Tom asked several people the same question.
He promised not to tell that to anyone.
I've come here to study Chinese.
Tom let the prisoner escape.
I didn't know the truth until yesterday.
We bought a comfortable new armchair.
I won't smoke from today on.
I won't smoke from today on.
He could not stand being kept waiting so long.
I have no homework today.
Nobody reads long messages.
Don't forget your passport.
Don't forget your passport.
Don't forget your passport.
Don't forget your passport.
He was left behind.
She was left behind.
What do I care?
What do you care what I do?
There are errors in this phone bill.
They're married.
The operation had to be kept secret.
He prefers fish to meat.
Don't bury your head in the sand.
I'm busy preparing for the trip.
I'm busy preparing for the trip.
I've been trying to figure something out.
I paid Tom one hundred dollars.
The water was icy cold.
A great responsibility lies on his shoulders.
Do you mind if I ask you a couple of questions?
Girls are crazy.
He has 12 sons.
You brought him some cognac?
We're waiting for his return.
Tom told me that he was planning to study abroad.
I saw the children walk across the street.
She smiled at her baby.
You'd better keep that a secret.
Better a live coward than a dead hero.
I laughed in her face.
That was the best twenty bucks I've ever spent.
When does Tom leave?
Dreams never die.
How did Tom pay for all this?
Tom won again.
Why is she with this idiot?
I just ordered a beer.
I hate cats.
Please give us a chance.
The bedroom is upstairs.
It sounds silly, but it's true.
We arrived five minutes before the concert.
How could I have been so stupid?
How could you have been so stupid?
How could you have been so stupid?
Leave your message after the beep.
Will you stop answering my questions with a question?
It's her only chance.
It's their only chance.
It's my only chance.
This is our only chance.
Don't worry. It's not important.
These details are irrelevant.
That is a long pencil.
This job has no future.
Tom needs rest now.
She won the one hundred meter race.
Tom wears a hat almost every day.
Tom doesn't always wear a hat.
Tom often wears a hat.
Tom almost always wears a hat.
Tom can drive a car.
Tom can drive a car.
Tom went on doing what he was doing.
Tom escaped from a state penitentiary.
Barack Obama is the President of the United States.
How long can a person live without water?
The child was hiding behind a big tree.
Money is the measure of worth.
They seemed to be discussing a matter of great importance.
The product carries a high price tag.
Tom went on reading.
I've never agreed to those rules.
I'm sure that's not necessary.
Tom is an excellent marksman.
Her suggestion is worth considering.
Stop worrying.
I'm hoping to win.
I'm hoping to win.
These logs are heavy.
He is proud of being a doctor.
I have won the game.
Don't count on them.
Don't count on them.
Do you have any theories?
I had no choice but to do what Tom asked me to do.
Tom had to run to catch the bus.
I didn't need Tom.
I thought I could trust Tom.
You are not a coward.
She's jumping with joy.
She's jumping with joy.
I'll go tell them the good news.
I'll go tell him the good news.
I'll go tell her the good news.
Help me take this apart.
Help me take this apart.
No one takes you seriously.
No one takes you seriously.
No one takes them seriously.
No one takes him seriously.
No one takes her seriously.
It's a terrible problem.
We can't fight this.
We may need this.
I knew you'd be thirsty.
Take them home.
Take them home.
Take him home.
Take him home.
Take her home.
Take her home.
Don't take them too seriously.
Don't take them too seriously.
Don't take him too seriously.
Don't take him too seriously.
Don't take her too seriously.
Don't take her too seriously.
It seemed funny to me.
It seemed funny to me.
We'll take them home.
We'll take him home.
We'll take her home.
What if you're wrong? "I'm not wrong."
I'll take them home.
I'll take him home.
I'll take her home.
I'll take you home now.
I'll take you home now.
I'll take them home now.
I'll take him home now.
I'll take her home now.
No one suspected you.
No one suspected you.
No one suspected us.
No one suspected them.
No one suspected me.
No one suspected him.
No one suspected her.
The ground rocked.
Tom owes me three hundred dollars.
Tom refused to sign the document.
Tom promised me that he'd come.
Get in the back seat.
I need a pencil. Can I use one of yours?
I found it in a cave.
I accepted the challenge.
You only have one choice.
What's your choice?
No one complained.
The exam was difficult.
Tom made dinner.
These soldiers are wearing civilian clothes.
You can teach good manners to children without resorting to punishment.
Tom asked some very good questions.
Don't mess with fire.
Guess what happened.
Guess what happened.
Guess what happened.
Dan was pushed under a moving train.
I bet I get there before you.
I bet I get there before you.
I don't understand why you're leaving.
I don't understand why you're leaving.
I miss him terribly.
Tom promised not to smoke anymore.
I'll send you a message.
I don't know the bride.
It's the last chance.
Who complained?
I disagree with him.
I don't agree with him.
Please bring me some medicine for airsickness.
I'd like to get married to someone like you.
I'd like to get married to someone like you.
Have at thee, coward!
Who are you pointing at?
He leaves at eight.
I want to know why you didn't get here on time.
An hour has sixty minutes, and a minute has sixty seconds.
We're geniuses.
We're models.
We're thieves.
We all change.
We all die.
We must make sure that this information is correct.
I think this translation isn't correct.
I think this translation is incorrect.
Your zipper's open.
Don't worry, I won't turn you in to the police.
We value our customers.
They have just bought a new house.
Tom is watching the news on TV.
Tom doesn't have anything to worry about.
We'll find out what's happening.
Stop singing.
Where's the shovel?
Abandon ship.
Why are you shaking?
Sometimes my hands shake.
I think we should keep this a secret.
No one trusts Tom.
I'm planning to buy some new furniture.
Try to keep an open mind.
I don't like the ocean.
Pardon me, what happened with our order?
Tom is aware of his shortcomings.
Why did you marry him?
Why did you marry him?
She saw many terrible things during the war.
Dark clouds gathered over the horizon.
I rarely watch television.
Tom falls asleep every night watching TV.
I have a fever and I ache all over.
Tom almost always falls asleep while watching TV.
We often watch TV while we're eating breakfast.
Tom is in the living room, watching sports on TV.
Tom stole my clothes.
We've got less than three hours to get this done.
Tom broke his right arm.
Tom isn't as active as he used to be.
Tom unfolded the blanket.
Tom wasn't born blind.
Tom didn't study at all, but he passed the test anyway.
I think Tom is concealing something from me.
You don't really think Tom would kill himself, do you?
Tom has put on weight since the last time I saw him.
Tom went to the park by himself.
Instead of complaining all the time you could maybe start getting some work done, don't you think?
A republic is a state with a president at its head instead of a king or queen.
Tom lives near us.
Dan heard a gunshot.
You know, maybe we should buy a computer instead.
I'd like a room facing the ocean instead.
I have a great job.
Tom doesn't like eggs.
Tom wasn't kidding.
I'm afraid you must be mistaken.
We can't take the risk.
We don't really have much of a choice, do we?
We needed this weather.
I recommend you try it this way.
I just got off the phone with my agent.
I need a little help with my homework.
France, Austria and Russia formed an alliance against Prussia.
You should be able to manage it.
I spent the whole week working on that report.
I can hardly wait until summer.
How long until my order arrives?
They danced until six in the morning.
Go straight ahead until you reach the church.
Wait until I get back.
Wait until I get back.
Tom stayed up until dawn.
Let's wait here until he comes back.
I had never felt more alone than at that time.
I sustain my family.
I got married five years ago on this very day.
Tom pulled the trigger.
We'll get caught.
I'll get you a gun.
I'll get you a gun.
We can't rest until Tom is free.
Tom gave me an apple.
In many cases I don't agree with him.
Are you sure we can trust Tom?
Are you sure we can trust Tom?
I'll need this.
Do you think Tom knows how to swim?
Do you think Tom knows how to swim?
You've made a horrible mistake.
You've made a horrible mistake.
The meeting has been put off until next week.
You're kidding, aren't you?
You're kidding, aren't you?
Where did you learn to drive so well?
Where did you learn to drive so well?
Tom ate his dinner.
Tom ate his dinner.
I might be drunk, but I'm not crazy.
I might be drunk, but I'm not crazy.
I'm sick of lying.
Martha loves you.
Let me ask a stupid question.
Tom is doing his homework.
I often listen to sad music.
I often listen to sad songs.
What's the saddest song in the world?
You're making a mistake.
You're making a mistake.
You have a lot to learn.
You have a lot to learn.
The snow stopped falling.
You're our neighbor.
You're our neighbor.
I don't want them to leave.
I don't want him to leave.
I don't want her to leave.
I don't want you to hate me.
I don't want you to hate me.
I don't want you to hate me.
I don't want them to hate me.
I don't want him to hate me.
I don't want her to hate me.
I don't want you to be unhappy.
I don't want you to be unhappy.
I don't want you to be unhappy.
I don't have money, but I do have a dream!
I don't want them to be unhappy.
I don't want him to be unhappy.
I don't want her to be unhappy.
Tom said goodbye.
I didn't want them to worry.
I didn't want him to worry.
I didn't want her to worry.
I didn't want you to leave.
I didn't want you to leave.
I didn't want you to leave.
I didn't want them to leave.
I didn't want him to leave.
I didn't want her to leave.
I didn't want them to die.
I didn't want him to die.
I didn't want her to die.
Tom hated school.
Did I wake them up?
Did I wake him up?
Did I wake her up?
Go wake them up.
Go wake him up.
Go wake them up.
Go wake him up.
Go wake her up.
Tom is always complaining that he doesn't have enough free time.
This has never happened before, right?
This theory is too difficult for me to comprehend.
I knew we should've tried to help Tom.
We agreed to help Tom.
The red fish is swimming in the ocean.
In politics, respect is hard won but easily lost.
I'm glad you're not a coward like Tom.
Don't be crude.
Tom tried to swim.
Tom has been grounded for a week.
We don't hate Tom anymore.
What's the message?
Tom is always online.
Tom is always online.
Something is always going wrong with the machine.
Tom is quite active for his age.
I'm not sure I agree.
Tom ordered the same thing I did.
I don't want to suffer for no reason.
I'm afraid you don't have any choice.
I'm afraid you don't have any choice.
I played with a computer.
Never ask a question if you aren't prepared to hear the answer.
I burned the cake.
This is no time to argue.
Tom had barely enough money to pay his bills last month.
She ordered the book from London.
I'd rather not go into it.
Don't tell me you threw it away.
I heard you two had a big fight.
Deliver this message.
Try to keep your eyes open.
Try to stay awake.
Tom is in horrible shape.
She has oily skin.
I saw the news.
I buy newspapers every day.
We have an unscheduled stop.
If I had money, I'd buy a computer.
Tom has been driving without a license since he was thirteen.
I think you're the one who's mistaken.
I think you're the one who's mistaken.
Did they suffer?
Give me a boost.
I'd die if anything happened to you.
You do know how to drive, don't you?
We'd like to ask you some questions.
Can I ask you a couple of questions?
We got your message.
We'll stay and fight.
I'm sick of meetings.
I'm out of sugar.
I tried to do it quickly.
I told you Tom was crazy.
I told you it was stupid.
You're wrong about this.
You're wrong about this.
We can still win.
What's the special today?
Tom wears a tie to work.
Where were you hiding?
Who told you about this cave?
Tom turned on the water.
Tom turned on the music.
Tom opened the car door.
Were you on time for work today?
A bad carpenter quarrels with his tools.
Tom is still under surveillance.
Don't come in my room without knocking.
This is a ring my grandmother wore.
This is a ring my grandmother wore.
How dare you say that?
It almost scared me not to see you online for a whole day.
Give my regards to him.
Give my regards to him.
Give my regards to her.
Give my regards to her.
Give my regards to Tom.
Give my regards to Tom.
Give my regards to your parents.
My father has a red beard.
Tom is not an angel.
I left the room.
I left the room.
Love is blind. Hate is also blind.
I'm so sick of this.
You're not having much luck, are you?
I haven't looked inside this box yet.
We'll all be home in time for dinner.
I don't have time to worry about you.
Don't worry. It won't take very long.
You didn't really mean that, did you?
Someone's got to be held accountable.
You've got to help me learn to drive.
You've got to give me another chance.
You've got to give me another chance.
Do you want to ask me some questions?
I've found out what's been happening.
What'll happen if I push this button?
You're a terrible judge of character.
I don't want to wear this stupid tie.
The moon, an old woman with no ears.
I'm afraid you're wasting your time.
I'm afraid you're wasting your time.
I'm going south.
I got over that.
I'm miserable.
You said you hated that, didn't you?
There's nothing to be nervous about.
I'm not feeling particularly hungry.
How do I eat without a spoon?
They were buying time.
The job is up for grabs, now.
I'm sure your intentions were good.
I'm the one who stole the painting.
Put handcuffs on him.
I'm the one who stole the painting.
It's easy to remember.
It is almost 12 o'clock.
Is it possible that you're wrong?
Let's draw straws.
He was excluded from the team.
The way you talk is going to get you in trouble someday.
He was sure that he would make a new discovery some day.
Is this valuable?
He seems to have left the country.
He had to leave the village.
They asked for my opinion.
Some friends can't be replaced.
We'll need their help.
We'll get there in time.
I watched a great movie yesterday.
Are you an American?
Would you mind if I asked you some questions?
Can he drive?
Don't wait up for me.
Don't wait up for me.
Don't wait up for me.
Don't wait up for me.
Get your paws off me.
The further you go into the woods, the more firewood you'll encounter.
Was it an accident?
Did you steal this?
How close are they?
Put down the rifle.
Did you have a date?
They left the room one by one.
I woke her up.
I woke him up.
He told me a completely unbelievable story.
Have you seen my passport?
She is worried about her health.
I swim once or twice a week.
You must record his speech.
I think we can trust her.
I think we can trust him.
Tom said not to worry about him.
There is a bench under the tree.
There is a bench under the tree.
We've got a visitor.
I warned you that Tom was coming.
I warned you that Tom was coming.
My dream is to study French in Paris.
What do you think of my new hat?
What do you think of my new hat?
Is there salt left?
Is there salt left?
I want to take advantage of it.
Please wake me up at seven tomorrow morning.
I'm trying to find out why it happened.
I'm trying to find out how it happened.
I'm sorry, but there's no other choice.
Why do people do such stupid things?
I'm going to ask your daughter to marry me.
Tom hasn't yet learned how to write his own name.
Tom hated his own name.
Tom has been studying French a long time.
Tom has lived here for a long time.
I haven't been to a concert in a long time.
I tried my best to get here on time.
I've been studying French for a very long time.
I hope you can make it on time.
Tom has promised to come.
Almost everybody has already gone home.
This is your chance.
At least give me a chance.
I thought I'd take a chance.
Please go back inside.
Everyone has something to hide.
I hope you agree.
I hope you agree.
I'll put it somewhere safe.
Let me put that somewhere safe.
Tom is getting embarrassed.
It was a challenge.
More and more Americans go abroad.
That ended better than I expected.
That wasn't a lie.
Take off your tie.
Take off your tie.
My father used to read me stories when I was a little boy.
Can I make a telephone call, please?
Where did you buy your book bag?
I suppose you've already bought a ticket.
What shall I cook for the guests tomorrow?
I made him cry.
I made her cry.
You can't run from the past.
You can't run from the past.
You can't run from the past.
You can't run from the past.
Rabbits can swim.
Rabbits can swim.
I don't see the difference.
Didn't I tell you to take out the garbage?
Do you want to get married and have children?
Tom dialed 911 again.
There are usually taxis in front of the train station.
They have escaped.
What does this button do?
Tom is very cool.
Tom is very cool.
Have a good time on your date.
Have a good time on your date.
I have a nasty feeling something's gone wrong.
All in all, I enjoyed the lecture.
I'll try doing that this weekend.
He loves trying new things.
Tom only does the bare minimum.
Tom was asleep on the bunk.
Tom was momentarily silent.
Tom was obviously mistaken.
Tom hugged me.
Tom watched from his porch.
To the public, he was a hero.
Tom isn't having much luck.
Could you take this stuff and burn it?
I've already done my homework.
You'll never guess why I'm here.
You'll never guess why I'm here.
What choice did we have?
Tom didn't give you much choice, did he?
Wait, what are you trying to do?
He is rarely in a good mood.
He is rarely in a good mood.
Tom didn't know you were joking.
Spring brings warm weather and beautiful flowers.
I certainly had no idea Tom didn't know how to swim.
Do you like to draw?
Do you like to draw?
I think what I'm doing is worthwhile.
I try not to worry.
I try not to worry.
We don't know who won.
Do you think we have a chance to win?
Do you think we have a chance to win?
Do you think we have a chance to win?
Do you think we have a chance to win?
Do you think I might win?
This computer doesn't work.
This picture is wonderful.
They entered the elevator.
Tom has been through enough.
Does Tom seem insane to you?
They're wonderful.
Will you support me?
Will you support me?
Don't you know I respect you?
Why did I ever marry you?
Why did I ever marry you?
You really do change your opinions often, don't you?
You really do change your opinions often, don't you?
Does my being here bother you?
I don't want to marry him.
I'm not going to marry you.
I'm not going to marry you.
I'm not going to marry him.
I've decided to marry him.
Tom is a wonderful guy.
Why can't you be quiet?
Why do I have to fight?
Why do I have to fight?
Why haven't you cooked dinner yet?
Why haven't you cooked dinner yet?
Get out of here!
Tom is worried about me.
Tom already gave me permission.
I let Tom kiss me.
Tom bought me roses.
Tom helped me escape.
Tom hit me twice.
Remind me to give this to Tom.
Remind me to give this to him.
You look sad. What's wrong?
I'm glad to see I was wrong.
I'm getting married this year.
I guess I'm wrong.
I got married yesterday.
We've lived in this house for three years.
I have to stop worrying.
Tom would probably like to do that.
I have a right to defend myself.
There are some questions I have to ask Tom.
Tom gave me the go-ahead.
Why did you run away?
The message was for you.
The message was for you.
I agree to help you.
I agree to help you.
I agree to help you.
I agree to help you.
I don't have a salary because I don't have a job.
Tom left a message for you.
We tried to warn you.
We tried to warn you.
We shouldn't waste our time in triviality.
I hate you so much.
Thank you for the wonderful meal.
Dublin is a wonderful town.
It's a wonderful world.
You've been wonderful.
I prefer reading.
I wonder who named this ship.
Many thanks for this wonderful trip.
I was wondering the same thing.
You're always tired.
Look under the seat.
You make the best discoveries while you view the world with other eyes.
When does the concert begin?
Speaking of adventures, here comes your wife.
A computer is a wonderful thing.
I wonder where that came from.
I wonder if Tom likes Chinese food.
If I go to the dance with you, the whole town will know.
We won't get off this island alive.
Will we be in time for the concert?
We had three wonderful years together.
I don't want to jump the gun.
He was an early riser in his youth.
I saw him try to kiss you.
I saw her try to kiss you.
I saw him tonight.
Don't count on her.
Don't count on her.
Don't count on him.
Don't count on him.
I count on them.
I count on him.
I count on her.
Can I count on them?
Can I count on him?
Can I count on her?
I knew we could count on you.
I knew we could count on you.
I knew we could count on them.
I knew we could count on him.
I knew we could count on her.
Night comes early in January.
Tom was injured in the explosion.
Tom was looking at a picture of a person wearing a hat.
We can count on them.
We can count on him.
We can count on her.
You can always count on them.
You can always count on them.
You can always count on him.
You can always count on him.
You can always count on her.
You can always count on her.
Tom was proud of you.
Am I talented?
How dare you speak to me in that tone of voice!
How dare you speak to me in that tone of voice!
Tom was silent for a moment.
I want to take her home.
I want to take him home.
I want to take them home.
Is it your helicopter?
I was worried about this.
I saw a wonderful movie last night.
You can't outrun that bear.
I'll do my best to have the report ready by 2:30.
The United States has almost a fourth of the world's prison population.
Organ donations save lives.
The fire was on the first floor.
I found the pencil I lost.
You're a cruel man.
You're a cruel man.
How many engineers took part in the conference?
Your parents hate me.
I didn't like what Tom gave me.
Tom tried to deceive me.
You tricked me.
You tricked me.
Tom deceived me.
He deceived his friend.
Why have you deceived us?
Why have you deceived us?
The man we trusted deceived us.
I can't believe Tom tried deceiving me.
My parents shall be proud of me.
Tom was extremely kind to me.
Please don't die!
Please don't die!
A light bulb gives light.
These pants are too big for me.
These pants are too small for me.
Bring me a cup of coffee, please.
Please bring me a cup of tea.
You aren't dying.
You aren't dying.
We have homework.
Tell me where you keep your wine.
I only got to the station after the train had left.
Sweet dreams, Dan.
Pigs can't fly.
She trusts us.
Thanks for reminding me!
Tell her it's urgent.
Tell her it's urgent.
Tell him it's an emergency.
Tell him it's urgent.
Tell them it's an emergency.
Tell them it's urgent.
I'm glad you reminded me.
I'm glad you reminded me.
I'm glad you reminded me.
Tom reminded us of our duty.
Thank you for reminding me.
It's dark inside.
I think Tom had a great time.
Tom had a great time.
We can pay.
We could continue.
We leave tonight.
We made mistakes.
We'll try not to let it happen again.
You may find it useful.
You know I respect you.
Tell Tom to change his shirt.
He'll win for sure.
What part of "no" don't you understand?
Dan was also arrested.
I forgot my pencil.
This only happens in Australia.
Tom was three meters behind me.
What's so amusing?
Tom asked me the same question.
Tom told me not to worry.
Tom told me not to trust you.
Tom told me not to trust you.
We'll wait for the signal.
Please give me some airsickness medicine.
Would you mind if I told Tom?
Would you mind if I told Tom?
Please tell Tom it's urgent.
Please tell Tom it's urgent.
I told Tom he was a coward.
Tom couldn't fall asleep.
Tell Tom I can't marry him.
Tell Tom I can't marry him.
They told me it was a bomb.
Tom told me about his trip.
Tom told me about the fire.
Tom told me you were crazy.
Tom told me you were crazy.
Tom told us about his trip.
Sooner or later, you'll fall asleep.
Sooner or later, you'll fall asleep.
Maybe I'll fall asleep.
As far as I can tell, Tom isn't lying.
Did you really tell Tom you hated him?
Did you really tell Tom you hated him?
Tom was worried about me.
Don't fail me, Tom.
Tom did warn me.
During the winter, he complains about the cold and during the summer he complains about the heat.
Tom traveled around Europe.
I'll try to memorize it.
Do we have any choice?
Why do you doubt me?
I don't like being made to do things I don't want to do.
Don't you like swimming?
Don't you like swimming?
Tom found out our secret.
They must be punished.
Is this place secure?
Tom changed everything.
I don't want to do that without the proper tools.
I don't want to do that without the proper tools.
He has an unpleasant look in his eyes.
I can't even trust my own mother.
You have no reason to be worried.
Did you find out what went wrong?
Do you think that was deliberate?
Pass the salt.
I hope you enjoyed the trip.
I hope you enjoyed the trip.
I hope you enjoyed the trip.
I hope you enjoyed the trip.
You called the wrong number.
You called the wrong number.
He broke my nose!
Tom still isn't happy with how things are going.
Tom had nothing to do with the scandal.
Good people die every day.
Does your stomach hurt?
I'd like to replace it.
Please stop the war.
He was delighted after he visited his wife in the train station.
Don't you walk away from me.
Strength is found in calmness.
Tom changed his job.
You must get lecture tickets in advance.
She didn't intend to let him kiss her.
She put much sugar in the coffee.
The teacher told the boy not to make noise.
I wouldn't want to take that risk.
Something terrible has happened.
I'll be there in about 30 minutes.
I wouldn't miss this for anything.
The rose is the national flower of this country.
I wouldn't have made that mistake.
Why are you dancing?
Why are you dancing?
The ground seems wet.
I'll sit with her.
Can you deliver it?
Can you deliver that?
My house is north of the library.
I was starting to worry about you.
I was starting to worry about you.
The law was changed.
The world in which we live is constantly changing and so are we.
I can't remember your name.
I can't remember your name.
Hey, quit complaining.
She made thirty thousand dollars.
Why he did it is beyond my comprehension.
If you could go back in time, what would you change?
There's still a lot to be learned.
How big is it?
I thought you might need our help.
I thought you might need our help.
We've got a witness.
Tom was a school bus driver before he became a taxi driver.
My pastime is reading.
Tom knows how to handle a rifle.
He loved to laugh and enjoy life.
I do my homework after school.
Find out who Tom has been talking to.
He kissed my neck.
He kissed my neck.
The situation is extremely critical.
Many tourists come to this island every year.
I hate him with every fiber of my being.
I hate him with every fiber of my being.
How much did Tom pay you?
How long has Marcos lived here?
He went to the library.
You have only to wait for her return.
A new road is under construction.
Nobody is interested in my country.
Even though he's a policeman, he's afraid of thieves.
There is a lot of furniture in this room.
Remind me later.
She complained to him about everything.
Tom can't remember where he hid the documents.
Tom can't remember where he hid the documents.
I didn't argue.
Where's my hat? "Right behind you."
I can't remember how much I paid for it.
I can't remember how much I paid for it.
I can't remember how much I paid for it.
And that's when he kissed her.
And that's when she kissed him.
I don't know if we can count on that.
I didn't know that Tom didn't know how to swim.
Tom didn’t want to die.
Things are changing fast.
I don't want to buy a newspaper today.
I don't want to buy a newspaper today.
People want to own land.
My phone is out of battery.
Roses are beautiful.
My wife is leaving town for a few days.
She's not my friend. I hate her.
She's not my friend. I hate her.
Tom has just told me his plans.
That's exactly what I told Tom.
Why are you wearing a tie today?
Why are you wearing a tie today?
Tom knows who to give the message to.
I'm old enough to drive.
Tom keeps complaining that he doesn't have enough time.
Tom won't be able to get there in time.
I can't rule out that possibility.
I have another assignment for you.
I've been delayed for a few hours.
Am I on time?
May I ask them a few questions?
May I ask him a few questions?
May I ask her a few questions?
Tom died in the explosion.
I'm really proud of it.
I don't think I can handle it.
Tom never shows up on time.
Can I get a little help here?
Everyone must memorize these words.
Everyone must memorize these words.
You're in command.
A young girl's body was discovered near Dan's home.
Dan and Linda flew to London.
You're a good dancer.
That was our problem.
Tell Tom your theory.
Tom doesn't really enjoy translating.
Tom will win.
What's Tom worried about?
The train will arrive on time.
All the children started crying.
Do you really think Tom is crazy?
You're in trouble again, aren't you?
I put a cup of hot tea on your desk.
I hate cold winter days.
I hate cold winter days.
You should've married me.
We'll ask politely.
We'll ask politely.
I'd better wake her up.
I'd better wake him up.
I'd better wake them up.
I'd better wake them up.
We'd better wake her up.
We'd better wake her up.
We'd better wake him up.
We'd better wake him up.
We'd better wake them up.
Let's go wake her up.
Let's go wake her up.
Let's go wake him up.
Let's go wake him up.
Let's go wake him up.
Let's go wake him up.
Let's go wake them up.
Let's go wake them up.
Let's go wake them up.
Let's go wake them up.
I'm going to go wake her up.
I'm going to go wake her up.
I'm going to go wake him up.
I'm going to go wake them up.
I have to wake her up soon.
I have to wake him up soon.
I have to wake them up soon.
I have to wake her up.
I have to wake her up.
I have to wake him up.
I have to wake him up.
I have to wake him up.
I have to wake him up.
I have to wake them up.
I have to wake them up.
I have to wake them up.
I have to wake them up.
I'd like to wake her up myself.
I'd like to wake him up myself.
I'd like to wake him up myself.
I'd like to wake them up myself.
I'd like to wake them up myself.
I didn't mean to wake her up.
I didn't mean to wake her up.
I didn't mean to wake him up.
I didn't mean to wake him up.
I didn't mean to wake them up.
I didn't mean to wake them up.
I want her arrested for murder.
I want him arrested for murder.
I want her arrested.
I want him to be arrested.
I want them arrested.
I want you arrested.
I want you arrested.
I want him behind bars.
I want them behind bars.
I want you behind bars.
I want you behind bars.
Don't worry. I'll talk to them.
Don't worry. I'll talk to them.
Don't worry. I'll talk to him.
Don't worry. I'll talk to him.
Don't worry. I'll talk to her.
Don't worry. I'll talk to her.
Go and wake him up.
Go and wake them up.
I'll certainly talk to them.
I'll certainly talk to him.
I'll certainly talk to her.
I don't want to dance.
I woke them up.
I won't discuss this with them.
I won't discuss this with them.
I won't discuss this with him.
I won't discuss this with him.
I won't discuss this with her.
I won't discuss this with her.
No one trusts him.
No one trusts her.
No one trusts me.
No one trusts them.
No one trusts us.
No one trusts you.
No one trusts you.
We trusted them.
Tom trusted us.
They trusted him.
They trusted her.
What experience do you have in this field?
I don't have anywhere to sit.
We can't trust her.
We can't trust her.
We can't trust you.
We can't trust you.
We can't trust you.
We can't trust you.
We can trust her.
We can trust him.
We can trust them.
We can trust them.
Are you sure you can trust her?
Are you sure you can trust her?
Are you sure you can trust her?
Are you sure you can trust her?
Are you sure you can trust him?
Are you sure you can trust him?
Are you sure you can trust him?
Are you sure you can trust him?
Are you sure you can trust them?
Are you sure you can trust them?
Are you sure you can trust them?
Are you sure you can trust them?
Are you sure you can trust them?
Are you sure you can trust them?
I don't completely trust her.
I don't completely trust her.
I don't completely trust her.
I don't completely trust her.
I don't completely trust him.
I don't completely trust him.
I don't completely trust him.
I don't completely trust him.
I don't completely trust them.
I don't completely trust them.
I don't completely trust you.
I figured I could trust them.
I figured I could trust him.
I figured I could trust him.
I figured I could trust you.
I figured I could trust you.
I figured I could trust you.
I figured I could trust you.
I knew I could trust her.
I knew I could trust her.
I knew I could trust him.
I knew I could trust him.
I knew I could trust him.
I knew I could trust him.
I knew I could trust them.
I knew I could trust them.
I knew I could trust them.
I knew I could trust them.
Tom asked me if I had finished my homework yet.
I knew I could trust you.
I knew I could trust you.
I knew I could trust you.
I knew I could trust you.
We confirmed her death.
I thought I could trust her.
I thought I could trust her.
I thought I could trust her.
I thought I could trust her.
I thought I could trust him.
I thought I could trust him.
I thought I could trust him.
I thought I could trust him.
I thought I could trust them.
I thought I could trust them.
I thought I could trust them.
I thought I could trust them.
Her eyes are black as coal.
Yoko is a Japanese name.
Not all the students attended the meeting.
This building is about three hundred years old.
It seemed that Tom was hiding something.
I'm going to marry him.
She was reluctant to marry him.
I don't think anyone thinks you're crazy.
Have I broken a law, officer?
It'll cost at least a hundred pesos.
How can I trust her?
How can I trust her?
How can I trust him?
How can I trust him?
Tom can swim.
How can I trust them?
How can I trust them?
Can Tom swim?
There's no need to hide.
Where are the files?
It took Tom several hours to finish his homework.
The sound is coming from inside the house.
Tom seldom drinks coffee in the evening.
That sounds like a fine idea.
Have you gone completely insane?
Have you gone completely insane?
Please don't make me do it.
Please don't make me do it.
Please don't make me do it.
Please don't make me do it.
I hate this part of town.
Did you find out where Tom lives?
Tom stayed at a very expensive hotel.
That should be prohibited.
Can I trust her?
I'm not sure I trust her.
I'm not sure I trust her.
I'm not sure I trust him.
I'm not sure I trust him.
I'm not sure I trust them.
I'm not sure I trust them.
I'm not sure I trust you.
I'm not sure I trust you.
I'm not sure I trust you.
I'm not sure I trust you.
I can no longer trust her.
I can no longer trust her.
I can no longer trust him.
I wouldn't worry about that.
Try to have a good day.
There were no more apples in the box.
We've been married for three years now.
I know you've seen some awful things.
Take your hands off me!
We all hate television and computers.
Tom noticed that all the other boys were wearing neckties.
I can no longer trust them.
I can no longer trust them.
Tom was here earlier today.
I can no longer trust you.
I can no longer trust you.
I can no longer trust you.
I called you in here to ask you a question.
I don't really trust her.
I don't really trust him.
I don't really trust her.
I don't really trust her.
I don't really trust him.
I don't really trust him.
I don't really trust them.
I don't really trust them.
I don't really trust you.
Do you really trust her?
Do you really trust her?
Do you really trust her?
Do you really trust her?
Do you really trust him?
Do you really trust him?
Do you really trust him?
Do you really trust him?
Do you really trust him?
Do you really trust him?
Do you really trust him?
Do you really trust him?
Do you really trust him?
Do you really trust me?
Do you really trust me?
Do you really trust me?
Do you really trust me?
Do you really trust them?
Do you really trust them?
Do you really trust them?
Do you really trust us?
Do you really trust us?
Do you really trust us?
I just don't trust her.
I just don't trust her.
I just don't trust him.
I just don't trust him.
I just don't trust them.
I just don't trust them.
I just don't trust you.
I just don't trust you.
I knew I couldn't trust her.
I knew I couldn't trust her.
I knew I couldn't trust him.
I knew I couldn't trust him.
I knew I couldn't trust them.
I knew I couldn't trust them.
I knew I couldn't trust you.
I knew I couldn't trust you.
I knew we couldn't trust her.
I knew we couldn't trust her.
I knew we couldn't trust him.
I knew we couldn't trust him.
I knew we couldn't trust them.
I knew we couldn't trust them.
I knew we couldn't trust you.
I knew we couldn't trust you.
I knew we couldn't trust you.
I knew we couldn't trust you.
I still don't trust her.
I still don't trust him.
I still don't trust them.
I still don't trust you.
They don't trust her.
They don't trust her.
They don't trust him.
They don't trust him.
They don't trust you.
They don't trust you.
They don't trust you.
They don't trust you.
Tom doesn't trust them.
Tom doesn't trust them.
They shouldn't trust her.
They shouldn't trust her.
They shouldn't trust her.
They shouldn't trust him.
They shouldn't trust him.
We shouldn't trust them.
We shouldn't trust them.
We shouldn't trust them.
We shouldn't trust them.
You shouldn't trust me.
You shouldn't trust me.
You shouldn't trust us.
You shouldn't trust us.
You shouldn't trust us.
You shouldn't trust us.
Are you sure we can trust him?
Are you sure we can trust him?
Are you sure we can trust him?
Are you sure we can trust him?
Are you sure we can trust him?
Are you sure we can trust him?
Are you sure we can trust them?
Are you sure we can trust them?
Are you sure we can trust them?
Are you sure we can trust them?
Are you sure we can trust them?
I'm not sure we can trust her.
I'm not sure we can trust her.
I'm not sure we can trust her.
I'm not sure we can trust her.
I'm not sure we can trust him.
I'm not sure we can trust him.
I'm not sure we can trust him.
I'm not sure we can trust him.
I'm not sure we can trust them.
I'm not sure we can trust them.
I'm not sure we can trust them.
I'm not sure we can trust them.
I'm sure we can trust her.
I'm sure we can trust her.
I'm sure we can trust her.
I'm sure we can trust her.
I'm sure we can trust him.
I'm sure we can trust him.
I'm sure we can trust him.
I'm sure we can trust him.
I'm sure we can trust them.
I'm sure we can trust them.
I'm sure we can trust them.
I'm sure we can trust them.
I can trust them.
I can trust them.
I tricked them.
I tricked them.
We tricked her.
We tricked her.
We tricked him.
We tricked him.
I'm Alex. We met last week at the hotel.
Here, use my key.
Here, use my key.
Tom cut the rope with his knife.
We tricked them.
We tricked them.
Please get off my land.
We tricked you.
We tricked you.
We tricked you.
Please don't make me help her.
Please don't make me help her.
Please don't make me help her.
Please don't make me help her.
Aren't you going to kiss me?
Dan made a speech at the wedding.
Everyone escaped.
Tom signed a waiver.
I've read the report.
Tom will carry those suitcases for you.
Tom will carry those suitcases for you.
I woke up thirty minutes ago.
You can't defeat me.
You can't defeat me.
Tom is very strict.
Tom is very strict.
Yes, this exam is quite tough.
I gave my old coat to her.
I gave my old coat to him.
I gave my old coat to them.
Tom is swearing.
Scientists can easily compute the distance between planets.
How tall is that tower?
He won't survive more than a day.
She complains about everything.
Did you receive my message?
Tom asks me the same questions every time he sees me.
Tell her to stop.
Tell him to stop.
I ran downstairs.
I ran downstairs.
I didn't find it funny at all.
You don't stand a chance against her.
You don't stand a chance against her.
He hugged me.
Tell her to stop worrying.
Tell her to stop worrying.
Tell her to stop worrying.
Tell him to stop worrying.
Tell him to stop worrying.
Tell him to stop worrying.
Tell them to stop worrying.
Tom is the father of the bride.
The policeman signaled him to stop.
I can't deliver this until you tell me where to deliver it to.
Fight for your right.
I only know how to love, suffer and sing.
Go do something.
Go do something.
I don't agree with them.
I disagree with her.
How was your date with him?
How was your date with her?
How did your date with him go?
How did your date with her go?
I went to a concert with them.
I went to a concert with him.
I went to a concert with her.
I went to a concert with them.
I went to a concert with him.
I went to a concert with her.
Do you agree with us?
Do you agree with us?
Do you agree with us?
Do you agree with them?
Do you agree with them?
Do you agree with them?
Do you agree with him?
Do you agree with him?
Do you agree with him?
Do you agree with her?
Do you agree with her?
Do you agree with her?
I totally agree with them.
I totally agree with him.
I totally agree with her.
I'm not sure I agree with them.
I'm not sure I agree with him.
I'm not sure I agree with her.
I agree with you on this.
I agree with you on this.
I agree with them on this.
I agree with them on this.
I agree with him on this.
I agree with him on this.
I agree with her on this.
I agree with her on this.
I almost agree with them.
I almost agree with him.
I almost agree with her.
I wanted to hug him.
I wanted to hug him.
I wanted to hug her.
I wanted to hug her.
I wanted to hug him.
I wanted to hug her.
I didn't want to leave without saying goodbye.
I didn't know you could dance.
I didn't know you could dance.
I didn't ask to be chosen.
I didn't ask Tom any questions.
I didn't ask for your permission.
I didn't ask for your permission.
I didn't ask for your permission.
I didn't say you were crazy.
I didn't say you were crazy.
I didn't say you were crazy.
I want to send a message to my friend Tom.
I trust you all.
I should've warned them.
I should've warned him.
I should've warned her.
I should've warned them.
I should've warned him.
I should've warned her.
I warned them.
I warned him.
I warned her.
Why didn't you warn them?
Why didn't you warn them?
Why didn't you warn him?
Why didn't you warn him?
Why didn't you warn her?
Why didn't you warn her?
Did you warn them?
Did you warn them?
Did you warn him?
Did you warn him?
Did you warn her?
Did you warn her?
I wanted to warn them.
I wanted to warn him.
I wanted to warn her.
I want to warn them.
I want to warn him.
I want to warn her.
I did try to warn them.
I did try to warn him.
I did try to warn her.
We tried to warn him.
We tried to warn her.
I'll have to warn them.
I'll have to warn him.
I'll have to warn her.
You've got to warn us.
You've got to warn us.
You've got to warn them.
You've got to warn them.
You've got to warn me.
You've got to warn me.
You've got to warn him.
You've got to warn him.
You've got to warn her.
You've got to warn her.
We've got to warn them.
We've got to warn him.
We've got to warn her.
You've got to warn them.
You've got to warn them.
You've got to warn him.
You've got to warn him.
You've got to warn her.
You've got to warn her.
I've got to warn them.
I've got to warn him.
I've got to warn her.
Are you going to warn them?
Are you going to warn him?
Are you going to warn her?
Are you going to warn them?
Are you going to warn him?
Are you going to warn her?
I wanted to make sure you were all right.
I wanted to make sure you were all right.
I'll warn you.
I'll warn you.
I'll warn them.
I'll warn him.
I'll warn her.
We've got to go warn them.
We've got to go warn him.
We've got to go warn her.
We've got to go warn them.
We've got to go warn him.
We've got to go warn her.
I should go warn them.
I should go warn him.
I should go warn her.
I should go warn them.
I should go warn him.
I should go warn her.
We did warn them.
We did warn him.
We did warn her.
We did warn them.
We did warn him.
We did warn her.
Tom did warn us.
Tom did warn us.
Tom did warn them.
Tom did warn them.
Tom did warn me.
They did warn him.
They did warn her.
I did warn them.
I did warn them.
I did warn him.
I did warn him.
I did warn her.
I did warn her.
I'd better warn them.
I'd better warn them.
I'd better warn him.
I'd better warn her.
I'd better warn him.
I'd better warn her.
We don't want you to leave.
We don't want you to leave.
We don't want you to leave.
We don't want them to leave.
We don't want him to leave.
We don't want her to leave.
I want you to go home and get some rest.
I want you to go home and get some rest.
I want you to go upstairs immediately.
I want you to go upstairs immediately.
Elvis has left the building.
I wanted to make sure you were alone.
I wanted to make sure you were alone.
I wanted to make sure you were alone.
I don't want you to think I'm crazy.
I don't want you to think I'm crazy.
I don't want you to think I'm crazy.
I don't want you to think I'm crazy.
Don't worry. I won't tell her.
Don't worry. I won't tell her.
Don't worry. I won't tell him.
Don't worry. I won't tell him.
Don't worry. I won't tell them.
Don't worry. I won't tell them.
Please tell her it's urgent.
Please tell her it's urgent.
Please tell him it's urgent.
Please tell him it's urgent.
Please tell them it's urgent.
Please tell them it's urgent.
Just tell them not to worry.
Just tell him not to worry.
Just tell her not to worry.
Tom feeds his dog at the same time every day.
Tom hates everybody.
Nobody saw them steal the book.
The speech was broadcast on the radio.
Nobody saw him steal the book.
Nobody saw her steal the book.
Nobody saw them leave the room.
Nobody saw him leave the room.
Nobody saw her leave the room.
I shoved her.
Did you pay for the book?
Guess who's coming tonight.
Stop. It's not fun.
Stop. It's not fun.
She married a firefighter.
You will soon get used to eating Japanese food.
Don't let him break the glasses.
Do you have your passport?
I want to teach you something.
I want to teach you something.
I want them to win the election.
I want them to win the election.
I want him to win the election.
I want him to win the election.
I want her to win the election.
I want her to win the election.
I want Tom to win the election.
I want you to sign this.
I want you to sign this.
I want them to sign this.
I want him to sign this.
I want her to sign this.
I want you to respect me.
I want you to respect me.
I want them to respect me.
I want him to respect me.
I want her to respect me.
I never should've trusted you.
I never should've trusted you.
I never should've trusted them.
I never should've trusted him.
I never should've trusted her.
I never should've trusted you.
I never should've trusted you.
I never should've trusted them.
I never should've trusted him.
I never should've trusted her.
I've always distrusted you.
I never trusted you.
I've never trusted them.
I never trusted him.
I never trusted her.
She bore him four children.
I trusted him.
I trusted her.
I shouldn't have trusted them.
I shouldn't have trusted him.
I shouldn't have trusted her.
I shouldn't have trusted them.
I shouldn't have trusted him.
I shouldn't have trusted her.
I've always trusted them.
I've always trusted him.
Why don't you trust them?
Why don't you trust him?
Why don't you trust her?
Why don't you trust them?
Why don't you trust him?
Why don't you trust her?
Don't you trust them?
Don't you trust him?
Don't you trust her?
Don't you trust them?
Don't you trust him?
Don't you trust her?
Do you trust them?
Do you trust them?
Do you trust Tom?
Do you trust me, Tom?
Do you really trust Tom?
Do you really trust Tom?
Do you trust me or not?
Do you trust me or not?
I didn't want you to worry.
I didn't want you to worry.
I don't want to leave town.
Can you trust him?
Can you trust her?
Can you trust him?
Can you trust her?
How can you trust them?
How can you trust him?
How can you trust her?
How can you trust them?
How can you trust him?
How can you trust her?
You'd be stupid to trust them.
You'd be stupid to trust them.
You'd be stupid to trust him.
You'd be stupid to trust him.
You'd be stupid to trust her.
You'd be stupid to trust her.
I was stupid to trust you.
I was stupid to trust you.
I was a fool to trust you.
I was a fool to trust you.
I was stupid to trust them.
I was stupid to trust him.
I was stupid to trust her.
I was a fool to trust them.
I was a fool to trust him.
I was a fool to trust her.
I warned you not to trust them.
I warned you not to trust them.
I warned you not to trust him.
I warned you not to trust her.
I warned you not to trust him.
I warned you not to trust her.
I have to trust them.
I have to trust him.
I have to trust her.
I have to trust them.
I have to trust him.
I have to trust her.
I had to trust them.
I had to trust him.
I had to trust her.
Tom trusts them.
They trust him.
They trust her.
I trust them.
You shouldn't trust them.
You shouldn't trust him.
You shouldn't trust her.
You shouldn't trust them.
You shouldn't trust him.
You shouldn't trust her.
You shouldn't trust them.
You shouldn't trust him.
You shouldn't trust her.
We can't trust them.
We can't trust him.
Are you sure we can trust her?
Are you sure we can trust her?
Everybody rushed towards me.
Everybody rushed towards him.
Everybody rushed towards her.
This week has been an amazing experience.
I want you to take me to Tom.
I support you one hundred percent.
Yesterday was hot.
I'll need some time.
I'll need some time.
Your book was stolen?! Where and when?
Tom says I talk too much.
There's nothing to discuss.
Tom ate all that he wanted to eat.
I don't know why my dad hates you.
I saw them go inside.
I saw him get hit by a car.
I saw her get hit by a car.
I saw them earlier.
I saw him earlier.
I saw you dance once.
There were thirty people present at the meeting.
Thank you for your translation!
Tokyo is a huge city.
I want you to take me to Tom.
I want you to get some rest.
I want you to get some rest.
Tom didn't remember where he'd parked his car.
Stupid question, stupid answer.
What is your favorite music group?
I wanna visit Paris, New York and Tokyo someday.
You'll be on time, won't you?
I can win. I'm sure of it.
Are you two fighting again?
Why did you kiss him?
They didn't pay me.
We don't want you to die.
We don't want you to die.
We don't want you to die.
While reading a book, I fell asleep.
I didn't realize the difference between them.
I didn't realize the difference between them.
I don't want to leave.
The moment she saw me, she began laughing.
I want you to stop.
I don't have anything to hide.
I found out where Tom lives.
I found out where Tom used to live.
I found out why Tom didn't want to come.
I'll be six feet under by then.
I can't hide it from you any longer.
I can't hide it from you any longer.
Tom can't explain the difference between cheap wine and expensive wine.
Give me the shovel.
Give me the shovel.
She's an evil witch.
Where does the truth end and the lies begin?
Hey, you two! What are you doing?
Dance with angels.
Dance with angels.
The first thing my mother said was: "Are you crazy?"
My plants are dying!
Why are you thanking me?
Why are you thanking me?
Why thank me?
Why did you run away from me?
Why did you run away from me?
Do you have news for me?
Do you have news for me?
How much will you pay me?
How much will you pay me?
Write me a message.
We could've managed.
Go out and get some more firewood.
She does not want to go to bed.
I don't need to talk to you.
I sent you a message.
You're really an angel.
I saw the message.
You're mumbling again.
We could've managed.
Tom refused to admit that he'd made a mistake.
Tom refused to admit that he'd made a mistake.
You're probably mistaken.
You're probably mistaken.
Sometimes I make mistakes.
I sometimes make mistakes.
Tom isn't the kind of person who makes that kind of mistakes.
Try to be there on Monday.
Try to be there on Monday.
I'm leaving on Monday.
I have an exam on Monday.
We don't care about the money.
Help me hide this money.
Help me hide this money.
What terrible news!
What terrible news!
Tom became suspicious.
Don't feed the pigeons.
Don't feed the pigeons.
They were murdered.
If Tom wants to go, I have no objections.
Tom wrote an article about it in the school newspaper.
Come downstairs.
Come downstairs.
Let's go indoors.
You're going to be very proud of me.
You're going to be very proud of me.
There were no more blankets.
Someone has been here before us.
I've always known that someday Tom would leave us.
The inhabitants are proud of their urban culture.
This is a special day for all of us.
I'm sick and tired of being the one who always washes the dishes.
You like apples.
Tom told me that he drinks at least three cups of coffee a day.
Do you think our team will win?
She threw a pillow at him.
She threw a pillow at him.
The noise got on my nerves.
It got on my nerves.
Tom taught me a lot.
I'm going to find out who did this.
Try to understand this.
Try to understand this.
Give me your belt.
Give me your belt.
There's no need to tell Tom about this.
Why is Tom selling his house?
Why is Tom selling his house?
The signal's very weak.
Tom leaned over and kissed his daughter's forehead.
Tom would be so proud.
Tom said he was dying.
Tom made an exception.
Tom left this message.
Tom left the building.
Tom hated his parents.
Tom is sure that he'll pass the next exam.
I promised Tom that we'd help him.
I thought that you could swim.
I thought that you could swim.
I didn't know you wanted to learn how to swim.
I've always thought you knew how to swim.
I've always thought you knew how to swim.
Tom never told me he didn't know how to swim.
Everyone needs a place to call home.
You two are funny.
Do you think we'll win?
Do you think we'll win?
If you want that hat, I'll buy it for you.
Leading scholars have been invited to present papers at the conference.
I love you. Will you marry me?
Tom removed his fake beard.
Suppose you had a thousand dollars, what would you do with it?
The surface temperature of the sun is around 6000°C.
He learned Russian when he was young.
We'll leave theory to the mathematicians.
Guess what I found.
Guess what I found.
Tom decided to study French.
That's really not funny.
Tom is terribly funny.
You've got a bright future.
You've got a bright future.
Tom is dancing with another girl.
We have no place to go.
You've got nowhere left to go.
You've got nowhere left to go.
I've always respected him.
I've always respected her.
I've always respected them.
I've always respected you.
I've always respected you.
Tom gave me this shirt.
Tom is on board the ship.
They went on board the ship.
Tom is in great shape.
Tom is in the back seat.
Get in the front seat.
Get in the front seat.
Tom looked under his seat.
This time I'm really scared.
We couldn't hear what Tom was saying.
I wouldn't advise doing that.
She has a big butt.
You must be from Australia.
I want everyone to know that I'm not a murderer.
There's one question I would like to ask you.
There's one question I would like to ask you.
Is this the murder weapon?
This isn't the murder weapon.
My parents have been married for thirty years.
There weren't any witnesses.
I've got a splendid idea.
We're going north.
We're going north.
Did you find out who that guy was?
You could've warned me.
You invite us every year.
We ask the teacher questions every day.
They invited me to the wedding.
Tom ran over a dog yesterday.
When does the bank open?
Be careful not to fall overboard.
Be careful not to fall overboard.
Be careful not to fall overboard.
Be careful not to fall overboard.
I only left Tom one message.
That's a man's job.
Hello, is this an anime channel? "Yes." "How do I patch KDE2 under FreeBSD?"
Tom and Mary talked about sports.
Tom asked you a question. Please answer it.
He is not a man to be trusted.
I'll end up by going crazy.
I made several mistakes in the exam.
Don't touch this!
Don't touch this!
Luck is against me.
I got hit by lightning.
I got it for my birthday.
I got it for my birthday.
I got it for my birthday.
I was hit by a car.
Do you realize what you're doing?
Do you realize what you're doing?
Why don't you take a seat?
I study many languages.
Tom promised he'd never do that again.
He likes adventures.
We can't escape.
I hate raw onions.
All the workers went home save one.
A man came up to me and asked for a match.
A boy is walking across the street.
It's a date.
He made a house on the ice.
You may ask me any question you want.
You may ask me any question you want.
My father used to take me here when I was young­.
I don't want to go to bed yet.
We had a lot of visitors yesterday.
Is it true you're a high school teacher?
I lived in China for six months.
I can't get in.
He had his arm broken during the game.
Is it normal if I don't like to step on lines?
Promise me you'll help Tom.
Promise me you'll help Tom.
You should try to help Tom.
Tom was at the library.
Take the first street to the right.
Lots of people make that mistake.
Tom abandoned me.
You handled that situation quite well.
My brother has lived in England for more than thirty years.
You're not the police, are you?
The new sports complex is nice and big.
The ship is turning toward the port.
Do you have the time to listen to me?
I don't have the slightest idea.
You cannot eat your cake and keep it.
You cannot eat your cake and keep it.
The suspect was told not to leave town.
We have a theory.
I hope this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship.
Tom was the first one to ask a question.
It was just my imagination.
Someone stole my money.
Tom hates practically everyone.
You two are ridiculous.
No one has ever complained about that.
I want to ask Tom some questions.
Tom isn't in danger.
Tom hates all of us.
Tom changed my life.
Tom asked a lot of questions.
You two are ridiculously silly.
He hid his anguish with a smile.
Did you get the message?
Did you get the message?
This is useful information.
Don't touch it. Leave it as it is.
Not even a day can we live without water.
Tom signed the document.
What time should I wake you up?
Democracy originated in Ancient Greece.
Tom did it with the best of intentions.
The thief fled without leaving any traces.
Tom never quarrels with his wife in public.
Tom is always complaining about his wife.
Tom hates his job.
Tom fell and broke his arm.
The construction of the building will be started next year.
I gave him some helpful advice.
Tom asked Mary some stupid questions.
I think Tom is the one who'll win.
Tom is going to be punished for what he did.
Tom hurt my feelings.
Things are not always what they seem.
Tom isn't violent.
Tom has been alone far too long.
I wanted to make some telephone calls.
I want to make a difference.
We were so proud.
My dog doesn't have a nose. "How does he smell?" "Terrible."
Do you think I'm making a mistake?
Do you think I'm making a mistake?
Is the university's library open now?
Esperanto has no exceptions.
Esperanto has no exceptions.
There is an old church in this town.
We're leaving tomorrow.
We're done negotiating.
Is this real gold?
I didn't mean to wake you up.
I didn't mean to wake you up.
They burned themselves.
They burned themselves.
They don't interest me.
I've got to leave town.
Tom made a lot of money last year.
Tom tried not to laugh.
I'll catch up with you.
I'll catch up with you.
Tom buys us vegetables.
The breakfast is included in the charge.
We had an understanding.
Tom said you were crazy.
Sometimes you get lucky.
We got what we paid for.
Do you have separate accounts or a joint account?
She turned bright red.
He turned bright red.
We went to the library together.
We went to the library together.
Tom could hear the phone ringing.
Tom is an old and trusted friend.
Why do you always ask so many questions?
Why do you always ask so many questions?
I need her.
Is it June already?
I was sad to lose a friend.
You must be joking!
Did you tell Tom you were joking?
Did you tell Tom you were joking?
He has a bright future ahead of him.
You have only to push this button.
You have only to push this button.
You have to change trains at the next stop.
Tom guessed my weight.
I swim in the sea every day.
Bring me my cane.
I could hardly tell who was who.
Tom taught me how to drive.
My children have to stay indoors after dark.
I spent the whole night trying to fall asleep.
The doctor said you shouldn't scratch your wounds.
Why are you defending her?
I'm being treated like a criminal.
I'm tired of being treated like a child.
Tom is not a very good driver.
Tom has agreed to babysit the kids Monday evening.
Tom was murdered yesterday evening.
Have a great weekend, everybody.
I wasn't scared at all.
I wasn't scared at all.
I wasn't scared at all.
Do not feed the ducks.
Don't feed the ducks.
Do not feed the ducks.
Bring me my cane.
You're about to cry.
She looked like an angel.
Don't let him swim.
We took a taxi so as to reach there on time.
I saw Tom going into the cave.
We'll need everything.
We'll regret this.
Put your pants on.
Put your pants on.
Put your pants on.
I put my coat on the table.
Hey, that's my job.
Hey, I'm just doing my job.
Put your hat back on.
Do any of you need medical assistance?
I spent three years in prison.
They treated me like a criminal.
You're a terrible dancer.
When will his wedding be held?
When will her wedding be held?
When will your wedding be held?
When will your wedding be held?
I'd like to go with you if you don't mind.
I'd like to go with you if you don't mind.
Are you thinking of going to university?
Are you thinking of going to university?
Tom knows wines.
Does Tom complain about back pain often?
You're the owner.
Tom was cruel.
Tom respects everyone.
They wanted to stay out of international conflicts.
Tom smiled politely.
It's a work of art.
Did you order this?
Tom listened to the news.
Our guests will arrive in a few minutes.
The news upset me.
The news upset me.
Tom always worries about things that don't really matter very much.
Can you feel the difference?
Can you feel the difference?
I knew Tom would do something stupid.
I'm looking for a new assistant.
I won't fight you.
Tom was sitting in a comfortable armchair, reading the evening newspaper.
Tom knows your secret.
Tom is extremely rich.
I think you should sit.
God, what's wrong with me today?
You refuse to see the facts.
Why do you close your eyes when you kiss me?
Someone left you a message.
The hotel at which we stayed was very comfortable.
I don't want to buy it.
I don't want to buy it.
I don't want to buy it.
I cannot pass this exam. It's very difficult.
The new furniture arrived today.
Tom didn't tell me all the details.
Every law has its exception.
We hope to reach the summit before it gets dark.
I learned something today.
Who wrote this report?
Did I wake you guys?
When did this package arrive?
Are you calling me a coward?
Did you hear Tom is leaving?
Did you hear Tom is leaving?
Did you hear Tom is leaving?
I'm not going to get married.
I heard the bad news.
Did you want to drive?
Did I miss the turn?
Did I miss the turn?
You look really great.
We were very sad.
Wow, that's great.
Have I missed much?
At first, I didn't believe Tom.
Tom never touched me.
Her hair was so long that it reached the floor.
I brought some of my books to read.
These are original.
That book contains useful ideas.
I'm counting on your presence.
I taught my girlfriend how to drive.
Tom corrected himself.
The girls started fighting.
He knows how to find water in the desert.
He likes sweet tea.
He likes sweet tea.
Tell Tom to stop worrying.
Whose pencils are these? "They are Walt Disney's."
You should be proud of me.
I'm a little girl, I don't go to school. Buy me sandals, I'm getting married.
Don't shut your eyes.
Tom isn't going to take a vacation this year.
Nobody will hurt you.
I really respect you.
Do you think you can fool me?
What did you steal?
It's time for you to go to bed.
The game ended at nine o'clock.
Have you been busy since yesterday?
Have you been busy since yesterday?
Have you been busy since yesterday?
I'm dying for you.
I'm dying for you.
Was it really necessary to change the front wing?
Any further discussion is pointless.
I forgot to do my homework.
Tom didn't leave me much choice.
Tom didn't leave me any options.
Are you saying that Tom's crazy?
Do you go to a private school?
There are numerous theories about the origin of life.
As far as I know, he is coming by car.
As far as I know, he is coming by car.
Tom asked too many stupid questions.
Tom needs financial help.
Tom uses two computers at the same time.
Tom prefers drinking coffee without sugar.
Tom thinks his passport has been stolen.
This isn't funny anymore.
I saw them surrounding him.
Tom admitted he had accepted a bribe.
Are you buying that theory?
When did Tom buy his truck?
Even standing right in front of the stove, Tom still felt cold.
Tom offered me a cup of coffee.
What's in that cupboard?
Tom worries too much about his children.
Tom is on vacation.
Tom doesn't like traveling by air.
Tom doesn't like traveling by air.
Tom doesn't like traveling by air.
Tom doesn't like traveling by air.
He has a funny name.
Tom knows the police suspect him.
After drinking three bottles of beer, Tom fell asleep.
Tom has always wanted to be a professional musician.
Tom has just come back from vacation.
Tom has just come back from vacation.
He is happiest when he is with his grandchildren.
I have to change into my work clothes.
I have to run faster to catch up with him.
He warned us not to enter the room.
The apple is not on the table.
The apple is not on the table.
I don't hate Tom anymore.
Tom has taught me a few things.
I think we're going to regret this.
Tom is the only one who can handle this.
What kind of rope is this?
Tom is making me do this.
Hey, look at this.
Tom is going through a rough time.
Tom is just going to need some time.
Tom is having a great time.
Tom is extremely tolerant.
Where were you when Tom needed your help?
Where were you when Tom needed your help?
How many times do I have to tell to do your homework?
Tom dedicated his life to helping the poor.
I don't want my mother to worry.
Tom got a little red.
He blushed slightly.
She blushed slightly.
What time will he arrive in Tokyo?
What choice did I have?
Well, guys, not bad for a number two driver, eh?
Autumn is the best season for reading.
Tom fell asleep while reading the newspaper.
It's OK with me if it's OK with you.
It's OK with me if it's OK with you.
He wrote down the telephone number.
He carried a bag full of apples.
What's the fastest way to get to the post office from here?
Against the snow, the white rabbit was invisible.
She got an A.
They hate raw onions.
I have no intention of doing that.
I have absolutely no intention of paying ten dollars.
I have absolutely no intention of paying ten dollars.
I'll take that chance.
We'll manage this.
We should let Tom rest.
I did a bad thing.
They won't be in time.
May I ask a stupid question?
Let me ask you one question.
Let me ask another question.
You'll have to be the leader.
I had completely forgotten pay the rent.
Don't forget to pay the rent.
Don't forget to pay the rent.
What kind of truck was Tom driving?
What kind of truck was Tom driving?
Tom can't paint.
I agree with what you say to some extent.
Don't risk it!
I was surprised when Tom asked me to help him write the report.
Tom opened the cage and let the monkey out.
Why are you sad, my Queen?
They are kind to old people.
I lived three years in Paris during which time I learned French.
I'm tired of you.
I'll teach you.
I'll teach you.
No one will bother you.
No one will bother you.
You can't trust Tom.
I can't marry you.
I leave tomorrow.
I know you aren't responsible for this problem.
Can I take your order now?
The weather yesterday was horrible.
Tom was quite courageous.
I'm worried about everything.
I must finish the report before 8pm.
These eggs are not good.
He arrived late.
When I give an order, I expect it to be followed.
We must take that chance.
That's why we must fight.
He didn't have time to read.
Why didn't you just kiss him?
She stole my heart.
Tom is interested in Australian History.
Tom is absent because he's in the hospital.
I don't often think about the past.
Where's the red tie I bought you?
We've been given a second chance.
You're not giving me much choice.
I've never given a speech before.
Are these candles?
Tom kissed my hand.
Tom covered his mouth with his hand.
Do you see my rose?
You haven't been studying French as long as I have.
Do you think your money is safe in a bank?
I was worried sick.
Tom listened to the radio all day.
It was a wonderful day.
I'm sick and tired of eating the same thing for lunch every day.
Are you sure this is such a bright idea?
Are you sure this is such a bright idea?
They were never alone.
I want to know why you were absent yesterday.
I want to know why you were absent yesterday.
You know this isn't necessary.
You know this isn't necessary.
Suddenly Tom began to cry.
What do you feed your dog?
It is very interesting to learn Esperanto.
Since I wasn't hungry, I only ordered coffee.
Since I wasn't hungry, I only ordered coffee.
I want to find out what happened.
When was John Kennedy assassinated?
Tom tried to run.
Tom tried to run.
That isn't a secret anymore.
I don't care if you kiss me or not.
You have bad manners.
Let's not fight, OK?
Hey, where were you?
We had a nice time.
The next bus came thirty minutes later.
Tom put up a fight.
Tom didn't get paid.
What was the secret?
Why didn't you come? "I had no choice."
Tom hates getting up early in the morning.
Tom hasn't ordered dinner yet.
Tom hasn't ordered dinner yet.
Tom heard someone approaching.
It's difficult to keep secrets.
Nobody wants to buy a house in my country.
This is the tricky part.
We've likely made a mistake.
You can enter the library freely.
I'm worried about the baby.
Great work, guys.
Great work, guys.
Great work, girls.
The customers are happy.
That's all you're interested in, isn't it?
You need to be a team player.
They say they've already paid.
I hate it when you're so busy.
We'll take the truck.
When are you going to have another baby?
I'll keep it a secret.
Tom drifted off to sleep.
Tom wrote it all down.
Where were you hiding?
What did they replace?
I was at your wedding.
Look, I don't want any trouble.
Animal cruelty is a sin.
Suddenly Tom began to cry.
These ties aren't mine.
I'm not good at making jokes.
I looked up at my phone, and tried to read my text messages.
Tom kissed her hand, making her blush.
I'm the owner of this land.
Why did you text me last night?
I think Tom is bossy.
Are you discontented?
Oh My God! It's Tom!
I followed the deer's tracks.
I followed the deer's tracks.
The deer fell a prey to the lion.
The deer fell a prey to the lion.
The hunters trailed the deer over the mountain.
Tom is an exceptional person.
Can I say it aloud?
Romain, we've got a problem with air consumption of the engine, so box this lap, please box this lap. "No! What is wrong with this car..?"
The rocket travels at a tremendous speed.
The arrow indicates the way to go.
Tom was sitting silent for half an hour.
My parents didn't suspect anything.
My parents didn't suspect anything.
I put three teaspoons of sugar in your tea.
I haven't finished the report yet.
We like Chinese food.
Tom is very knowledgeable about Japanese art.
You'll have to deal with that by yourself.
I suggest you don't ask Tom that question.
Tom is the only person I can really trust.
Who gave you permission to do that?
He gave her a quick kiss.
There must be an explanation.
Everyone was more or less interested in the arts.
Write this down.
You have visitors.
You have visitors.
You look awful.
You look terrible.
I've heard it said that it's harder to please a woman than to please a man. I wonder if that's true.
By way of conclusion he said as follows.
She spends a majority of her time taking care of her children.
She spends a majority of her time taking care of her children.
Tom could tell by the look on Mary's face that she was very excited.
Tom could tell by the look on Mary's face that she was very excited.
I'm not going to take that chance.
Tom is feeling the pressure.
I have a TV in my bedroom.
They sat in silence.
Tom is a sushi lover.
The rooms are heated only when they are used.
Stop joking. It's a serious matter.
Tom drinks between three and six coffees a day.
You just reminded me of someone.
I suspected she was dangerous.
I know that I have a date, but I'm not sure who it's with.
Tom ripped the page out.
Yuri Gagarin was born near Moscow, Russia on March 9, 1934.
Galileo died on January 8, 1642.
Wake me up at eight o'clock.
Wake me up at eight.
Tom buys our vegetables.
Tom buys our vegetables.
Hey, did you see that?
Hey, did you see that?
Tom got exactly what he deserved.
I ate absolutely all of the food that you prepared.
My father taught me how to swim.
You've already won.
We cannot change the past.
The net is huge.
The net is huge.
Forty-eight sailors are on the ship.
Forty-eight sailors are on the ship.
Tom put his bedroom in order.
Don't let them tell you you're crazy.
I've always hated him.
I've always hated him.
Tom is still in the cave.
That's a possible explanation.
His explanation is not clear.
Tom lost sight of Mary in the crowd.
I gave her an apple.
They wanted the war to end quickly.
There's a fence around my house.
Our suggestions were, in effect, almost the same.
I just got kicked out of school.
The taste of love is bitter.
I've had an extremely stressful day.
You've been a great help already.
I don't know why that's funny.
Tom hates himself.
I saw you kissing her.
To all appearances, their actions haven't borne fruit.
They marched in support of the government.
All he can do is support himself.
I'm glad that you want to support this project.
We're here to support you, Tom.
They set up a fund to support the victims.
They set up a fund to support the victims.
They set up a fund to support the victims.
All he can do is support himself.
Olya ordered this manhua from Taiwan.
Norwegian is the official language of Norway.
It's important to take good care of your teeth so you'll be able to eat properly when you get older.
The teacher pointed to the blackboard.
Tom motioned up the street.
I'm pointing the finger at his mistake.
Tom pointed to his chest.
Tom pointed to the ground.
Everyone pointed at Tom.
Everyone pointed at Tom.
Tom pointed to the fire escape.
Tom pointed to the fire escape.
Tom pointed to the back room.
Tom pointed to the back room.
Tom pointed to the living room.
Tom motioned them to be seated.
Tom pointed his finger at Mary.
Tom motioned Mary to sit down.
Tom motioned for me to follow him.
Tom signaled that I should follow him.
Tom motioned to Mary to follow him.
Tom motioned to Mary to follow him.
Tom pointed to a spot on the map.
Tom motioned for me to leave the room.
Tom motioned for me to leave the room.
Tom motioned for me to leave the room.
Tom gestured for Mary to enter.
He motioned me to stand up.
He motioned me to stand up.
Tom gestured for Mary to go inside.
The greater part of the guests were foreigners.
Don't kid around.
Tom seldom puts sugar in his coffee.
I know how proud you are of your children.
Tom finally changed his name.
I think this medicine will do you a lot of good.
I think this medicine will do you good.
Read such books as will be useful in later life.
I can't tell you all my secrets.
I love you as fresh meat loves salt.
What subject do you think he is interested in?
Just don't worry about it, OK?
Tom learned that the hard way.
Can you find out where Tom is?
You weren't kidding, were you?
You said Tom would let me win.
She prepared lunch.
It's great to have a family.
I can't wait to find out what Tom had made for me as a present.
I want you to dance.
I want you to dance.
I want you to dance.
I like Chinese food in general.
Whose bear is it?
He will travel abroad next year.
He was the only witness of the accident.
The professor gave a lecture on the Middle East.
Tom eats a lot of Chinese food.
Excuse me, I have a request.
Excuse me, I have a request.
I'm ready to leave this place.
He left the bedroom and entered the living room.
The dog went away like a shot.
What part of "no" don't you understand?
We had no secrets.
I told Tom to stop.
I asked Tom to keep quiet.
Hey, I need to talk to you.
He thinks old newspapers are still useful.
He felt tired.
If you are a man, behave as such.
Are you coming to my concert?
Are you coming to my concert?
What time yesterday was the concert?
Who else was present?
Turn on CNN.
I don't want to pick a fight.
I have an assignment for you.
The boss gave me a week off.
Tom gave me one last chance.
Didn't I warn you not to do that?
Didn't I warn you not to do that?
How much will you pay us?
You have to go inside.
You need to sign that.
You look rather tired.
You could hear the desperation in Mary's voice.
Get that away from me.
You look really great.
Tom opened his toolbox.
You saw the news, didn't you?
You should order in advance.
I got the message.
We deserve these politicians.
The sky was dark.
The restaurant was far from the train station.
The restaurant was far from the train station.
Please teach me English.
Tom made a reservation for three days at the Hilton Hotel.
I didn't really want to win.
You're unhappy, aren't you?
It's certainly worth a try.
You need to buy some sugar.
Tom looks utterly confused.
I doubt that Tom is hungry.
They won't let Tom escape.
I could not help laughing when I saw him.
I could not help laughing when I saw him.
I could not help laughing when I saw him.
I'm not buying it.
It's dark in the basement.
Tom got into the elevator.
I think I fell asleep in the meeting.
You've read the report, haven't you?
You're not mad anymore, are you?
You're not mad anymore, are you?
I suppose I was too busy.
We're running out of money.
She will need a car next week.
I don't need to be told what to do.
That's an interesting theory.
Tom is not an idiot.
Tom was harsh.
Tom was tough.
You said that it was urgent.
Is love more important than friendship?
How long does it take to the train station by taxi?
Why do you hate him so much?
Why does everyone hate you?
No one expected them to win.
The monkey escaped from its cage.
I'm ambidextrous.
She was wearing a new hat.
Some things aren't going to change.
At first, I mistook you for your brother.
Tom is a very creative person.
If you keep doing what you're doing, you'll end up in jail.
I have a business trip to France in the fall.
I think we're even.
An ambulance arrived immediately.
With the exception of Mike, everyone was at the party.
The cost of living has increased drastically.
How much will it cost to build?
How much does it cost to stay at that hotel?
Tom borrowed a lot of money from the bank.
Tom began to cry again.
Tom began to cry again.
This is the worst hotel in town.
Tom isn't taking a vacation this year.
Tom hasn't yet read the report you wrote.
Tom hasn't yet read the report you wrote.
Tom hasn't yet read the report you wrote.
Tom hasn't yet read the report you wrote.
Tom got the report you wrote.
Hey, I was wrong.
Tom turned on the car radio.
That's useful information!
The trip was very expensive.
Tom quietly left the room.
Tom sat on a nearby bench.
You're in big trouble now.
You're in serious trouble.
I'll bet you looked beautiful when you were young.
You're scared, aren't you?
You've made a bad mistake.
You've done nothing wrong.
I don't know what to wear.
Tom appears to be in pain.
Tom appears to be nervous.
I have homework to do.
The post office is just across from the store.
He sent some of his men into the valley.
What made you go into the basement?
What made you go into the basement?
You look like a tourist.
Can you give me an explanation?
A man overtook her.
Franco's forces took control in Spain.
His father worked as a swineherd.
We might not need to sell our house.
Tom worked as a photographer's assistant.
I'll be working as your assistant.
Under what name did you work as agent?
Under what name did you work as agent?
He worked as a truck driver in Norway.
I think Tom's an idiot.
He took out a piece of chalk.
Give me two pieces of chalk.
Is Tom an actor?
Where did you hide my cigarettes?
Where did you hide my cigarettes?
Many of the workers died of hunger.
Were there any witnesses?
I don't feel like doing my math homework now.
These customers are very rude.
We all agree that we should leave early.
He handed over all his property to his son.
He handed over all his property to his son.
Tom bought a condominium near the lake.
All who wander are not lost.
Who wrote these messages?
Tom reached for his pistol.
In situations like these, a gun might come in handy.
Tom said you were lonely.
Try not to worry so much.
Try to eat a little more.
We can take the elevator.
Is that pencil yours?
You'll have a great time.
Are you in the library?
Tom nodded in agreement.
Tom opened his briefcase.
How much memory does your computer have?
Tom read the letter out loud.
Our dog has gone away.
The dog went away.
The dog went away.
Tom drove off in a hurry.
Tom got away with the money.
She walked away without saying good bye.
She turned away and began to cry.
She turned away and began to cry.
Tom walked away without waiting for an answer.
Tom got into his car and quickly drove off.
Tom got into his car, started the engine, and drove away.
I couldn't take that risk.
I'm going to need the key.
Can you play an instrument?
She woke him up.
You're going to be a beautiful bride.
I have a bomb.
She knew what it was like for married women to look after houses, husbands and children.
Last night I threw up.
There was nothing secret about it.
It isn't necessary, is it?
Why haven't you cleaned your room?
How can I trust Tom?
The box was heavy, but he managed to carry it.
Why did Tom want Mary killed?
Don't get killed.
Don't sit on that bench.
Why didn't you do your homework?
Why didn't you do your homework?
We knew that was bound to happen.
Tom is starting to worry.
Tom is worried about you.
Did you know Tom couldn't drive?
Did you know Tom couldn't drive?
Tom carried everything he owned in a small suitcase.
I'm a high school math teacher.
Tom didn't deserve to die.
Tom finally had to retire.
We're under investigation.
Can I have a cup of coffee?
We've got to make a choice.
We're out of luck again.
Have you tried swimming?
I may be crazy, but I'm not stupid.
I knew Tom was cruel.
I knew Tom was keeping something from me.
I knew Tom was keeping something from me.
I knew Tom would have a great time.
I knew Tom would have a great time.
I knew we couldn't trust Tom.
I knew we couldn't trust Tom.
I knew we'd regret giving Tom a knife.
I knew we'd regret giving Tom a knife.
You don't even like swimming.
I have absolutely no idea what Tom is doing.
I have a meeting at 2:30.
The children are playing in the schoolyard.
What would you suggest I order?
It happened that I sat next to her at a meeting.
I can't tell you any particulars. I am bound to secrecy.
Have you checked your email today?
Have you checked your email today?
I'm not the trendy type.
I don't believe in love at first sight, but I do believe in lust at first sight.
I heard you were leaving.
I just hung up the phone.
Do you agree with that or not?
I hear you just got married.
Take your hand off my neck.
Someone was coming!
Tom got out of the truck.
What would you like to do tomorrow?
What would you like to do tomorrow?
All the hotels in town are full.
I like this jacket.
I hate my voice.
There is no doubt that he was murdered.
Who taught you to write?
Who taught you to write?
Don't you ever go near my girl again.
I enjoy swimming.
Tom is very interested in Australian history.
I know you're on vacation.
I know you're on vacation.
I'll use my imagination.
I'll use my imagination.
You could've jeopardized the entire operation.
I think Tom won the election.
I think Tom won the election.
I'm going to make Tom wish he'd never been born.
I think you did that intentionally.
I think you did that intentionally.
I think Tom did that intentionally.
Tom has always been lucky.
I feel like I let you down.
If I'd known that it would come to this, I would have never consented.
It's no secret that Tom doesn't agree with you.
It's no secret that Tom doesn't agree with you.
Sometimes I enjoy sitting down with a good book.
Don't leave the bedroom window open.
I was going to write to you, but I started doing other things and forgot.
I was able to see the smoke from here.
I am afraid you have the wrong number.
Tom stole a base.
Just in time!
Anti-Chinese sentiment is on the rise in Myanmar.
The development of economy has brought other social problems.
Be quiet, all of you.
All of us went to the theater to see a play.
All of us went to the theater to see a play.
Thank you for waking me up.
Thank you for waking me up.
How are we going to get in?
I'll have to remember that.
I'm not going to fight you.
That is not your cup.
That is not your cup.
Tom heard something behind him.
I can't think of any reason not to tell Tom what happened.
Tom stood and put on his coat.
Tom told me that his dog died.
You must be joking!
How many instruments do you know how to play?
How many instruments do you know how to play?
I'm living proof that death can be overcome.
Tom keeps his age a secret.
School begins on the eighth of April.
As I told you, Tom is dying.
Don't give me that sad look.
Do you have any news for me?
You've left me no choice.
You've left me no choice.
Tom lived a short, but happy life.
Tom lived a long and happy life.
They will certainly catch the thief sooner or later.
You've got to trust us.
You've got to trust us.
Tom was fighting.
I'm just glad it's all over.
It's something very special.
Tom walked into his bedroom.
Life is too short to waste time hating anyone.
Life is too short to waste time hating anyone.
When in doubt, just take the next small step.
Tom helped the little old lady to cross the road.
I'm afraid I have some very bad news.
Don't touch my car.
I woke up in the middle of the night.
How big of an idiot are you?
How big of an idiot are you?
Tom became editor-in-chief.
You don't have to yell at me.
You hate your job, don't you?
I'm going to fix you a drink.
We need to take that chance.
How big of an idiot are you?
Tom signed a confession.
Do you realize how much trouble you've caused?
How can one be so stupid?
Where's the nearest post office?
What's your advice?
Do you like this tie?
Do you like this tie?
How much did you make?
How much did you make?
Why did you let this happen?
Do you think we should worry?
Don't take unnecessary risks.
Don't worry about me. I'm OK.
Thanks for your explanation.
Thanks for your explanation.
I won't be responsible for my actions.
Now isn't a very good time.
How's married life?
Their dreams came true.
I'm buying meat and vegetables.
It's been a great week.
It's been a crazy week.
Tom was very proud of you.
Tom was very proud of you.
Tom was very proud of you.
Tom was very proud of you.
Tom died of gastric cancer.
Tom doesn't usually need to use a cane.
Tom is learning how to drive a car.
Tom is learning how to drive a car.
Tom is lying down in the back seat of his car.
I found out what's wrong with the car.
Tom did the work carefully.
Sumerian is thought to be the oldest known written language.
I spent the rest of the night besides her.
I hid in the woods all day.
I knew I could rely on you.
Tom's got nothing to hide.
I spent the rest of the night with her.
I read the article about you in yesterday's newspaper.
I read the article about you in yesterday's newspaper.
I read the article about you in yesterday's newspaper.
I read the article about you in yesterday's newspaper.
Tom started the car.
Tom put his phone away.
Tom put his phone away.
There was an explosion.
I'll find out tomorrow.
I'm too tired to argue.
Please give an example of usage.
He served in the navy.
He served in the navy.
My husband thinks I spend too much money.
What kind of sport do you like?
I've never seen you wear a hat.
I've never seen you wear a hat.
Tom seems unlucky.
Don't waste so much food.
Don't waste so much food.
She has already cooked the meal.
She kissed him again.
We're not arguing.
My parents had an arranged marriage.
He's got one foot in the grave.
Stop worrying about me.
I hate this part of the movie.
Tom has given me three tickets to his concert.
You're the best candidate for this job.
You're the computer expert.
Listen, I don't want to fight.
Why wasn't that in the report?
What's funny about that?
I'm not asking your permission.
I'm not falling for that again.
Yes, I did this intentionally.
Tom owns a house near the lake.
I can't gain weight, no matter what I eat.
I just want to make sure that doesn't happen again.
It's better to die on your feet than to live on your knees. "Then why are you still alive?"
I highly doubt Tom wants to see you.
I got tickets to the concert tonight.
I wish I had wings to fly.
I don't want Tom to think he has to protect me.
It's to your left.
They hate you.
They hate her.
Why do you hate her so much?
Why do you hate them so much?
Why do you hate them so much?
Why do you hate him so much?
Why do you hate her so much?
Why do you hate us so much?
Why do you hate us so much?
Why do you hate her?
Why do you hate her?
Why do you hate him?
Why do you hate him?
Why do you hate them?
Why do you hate them?
Why do you hate us?
Why do you hate us?
You nearly broke my jaw.
You nearly broke my jaw.
Do you think I'm an idiot?
Do you think I'm an idiot?
Why do you hate her so much?
Why do you hate her so much?
Why do you hate him so much?
Why do you hate him so much?
Why do you hate them so much?
Why do you hate them so much?
Why do you hate her?
Why do you hate her?
Why do you hate him?
Why do you hate him?
Why do you hate them?
Why do you hate them?
Why do you hate us?
Why do you hate us?
No matter how you look at it, the odds are stacked against us.
Don't make me beg.
Don't make me choose.
Don't make me leave.
Tom is acting nuts.
Tom is also deaf.
Tom is always preoccupied.
Tom is always preoccupied.
Tom is an idiot.
Tom is an outsider.
Tom won the fight.
You look a little tired.
I hate my brother.
Tom is still hiding.
You almost sat on my hat.
It's good that you passed the exam.
It's good that you passed the exam.
Why does everyone hate her?
I don't see much difference between them.
Tom might help you if you ask him politely.
Tom gave me this tie.
Did I miss something interesting?
Did I say something funny?
I know Tom wants to make a good impression.
You can't leave without my permission.
You can't leave without my permission.
There is a marked difference between them.
I'll try to find them.
I'll try to find him.
I'll try to find her.
At this school, there are no grades and children have no homework.
She is wearing a hat.
She is wearing a hat.
He's wearing a hat.
He's wearing a hat.
She's wearing a black hat.
She's wearing a black hat.
At this school, there are no grades and students have no homework.
Tom is wearing a sports coat.
She took her pencil and started to write.
It's now a habit.
I'll find out when the meeting is.
I'll be here if you need me.
Take my coat.
Take my coat.
Take that away.
Take that away.
Take that away.
Take your coat.
Take your coat.
Choose.
Thanks for checking.
That looks stupid.
That sounds stupid.
That never changes.
That seems understandable.
Add salt to taste.
Thank you for picking me up.
She kept a rabbit.
You're always dissatisfied.
Tom had to cut the class in order to meet us.
We've already tried.
Unfortunately, it's not possible.
I had a healthy breakfast.
We're having engine problems.
Tom didn't let me in on his secret.
Tom went to Australia and stayed there the rest of his life.
Is the dog chained?
Tom has earned a lot of money.
You're going to regret this.
She's going to regret this.
She still has much to learn.
At first, I thought she was joking.
They said they were leaving.
He still has much to learn.
I didn't manage to see who it was.
I didn't manage to see who it was.
Tom was with a girl, but I didn't manage to see who it was.
She hates herself.
He hates himself.
I already did that twice today.
Are you good at keeping secrets?
Where did I put my coat?
Where did I put my coat?
The show will begin soon.
Do you agree with their decision?
Do you agree with their decision?
Do you think we made the wrong decision?
Do you think we made the wrong decision?
Some civilians were killed.
Some civilians were killed.
Some civilians were killed.
Tom didn't go after all.
Perhaps Tom was wrong.
Maybe Tom was wrong.
I don't think we should trust Tom.
I don't think we can trust Tom.
I'm here on vacation.
I'm here on vacation.
Tom is a complete idiot.
He touched my shoulder.
What's the difference between a star and a planet?
Their sales are growing.
Tom wanted to impress his friends.
Tom was very happy when his team won.
Men want to feel important.
Tom can't get his ring off his finger.
Is it just me, or is Tatoeba extremely slow today?
Tom made a lot of smart decisions.
That business was a gold mine.
I didn't have the heart to tell Tom.
Throw them overboard.
I'm sure you meant well.
Tom is pretty good at telling jokes.
Tom paid me 300 dollars not to tell.
Tom told us why he'd been absent.
Tom told me not to go into the cave.
Make sure Tom tells you everything.
Tom told me he saw you at the mall.
Tom has been absent from school for three days.
Tom spends too much time on the computer.
Tom went into the kitchen to get some coffee.
I don't think Tom has anything to worry about.
I don't think Tom has anything to worry about.
I don't think Tom has anything to worry about.
Don't make the same mistakes I made.
Don't make the same mistakes I made.
We'll never get there in time.
She's very worried about you.
She's very worried about you.
He's very worried about you.
He's very worried about you.
Take a look at this report.
Make sure you tell Tom everything.
Wages are finally starting to rise again.
See, I told you Tom couldn't swim.
Tom did his homework by himself.
Tom is fighting in the street.
Tom lived abroad for three years.
The two books are equivalent in value.
Tom lives like a monk.
Tom looked pretty tired.
Tom seems tired tonight.
Tom rented an apartment near his mother's.
Tom didn't buy any bread.
Tom folded the blanket.
Tom pressed the button.
Tom made tea for me.
Tom has caused me a lot of trouble.
Tom is hiding something from you.
Tom is hiding something from you.
Tom is worried about your safety.
Tom is worried about your safety.
I'm glad we agree.
Tom deserved that.
Tom bought his son a sports car.
Tom wanted my permission.
Send a telegram!
Tom can dance well.
Tom hates these things.
Tom is on the plane.
Do I look like an actor?
What does it involve?
You are not at all wrong.
Goodbye, cruel world.
Welcome back, Tom.
What do you think, how long has Tom been preparing for the exam?
Do you know somebody who passed this exam?
Tom likes extreme sports.
Tom made a terrible choice.
I'll never trust you again.
We're giving you a choice.
We're going to need water.
We've arranged everything.
It was a great evening.
What do you think, how long has Tom been preparing for the exam?
Tom makes mistakes like everyone else.
The exam was very easy.
I'm offering you a choice.
I saw an old woman cross the street.
I saw an old woman cross the street.
Tom isn't wrong.
He knows the names of all his customers.
I ran away.
Tatoeba boosts your confidence and you are inspired to try further.
I knew I was going to win.
I thought he was joking.
I thought he was joking.
Every time they talk, they argue.
Shall I go on?
School is over.
School is over.
Press the button.
Press the button.
Tom never said he would babysit for us.
Tom opened the bedroom windows.
I didn't kiss him.
We only have three days left.
I believe the choice is clear.
Tom asked me questions.
Tom has lost weight.
Tom stole the money.
Tom is at the hotel now.
Tom told me he had no time to read books.
Tom ate half the cake by himself.
Tom looked at the message again.
Tom escaped from prison about a year ago.
All the passengers were requested to get off the train.
All the passengers were requested to get off the train.
No one was arrested.
Tom slept in the barn.
It's a time bomb.
It's a time bomb.
Tom spent the afternoon reading a book.
Tom ate the bread.
I cooked breakfast for you.
I made you breakfast.
I made you breakfast.
I cooked breakfast for you.
There's still a chance.
Nothing changes.
Tom didn't give you much choice.
Tom didn't give you much choice.
I hate the cold.
We must not complain.
I almost started to cry.
Tom fell asleep crying.
I don't trust this data.
I followed my mother's example.
I followed my mother's example.
Love doesn't die.
I was quite dissatisfied.
Tom said he won three hundred dollars.
Tom must pay for what he's done.
They're all equal.
Tom always worries about everything.
Tom arrived a day sooner than we expected.
There's no explanation.
I heard the explosions.
There was no explosion.
Tom noticed blood on the carpet.
Tom taught his children French.
Who are you hiding from?
I'm tired of this game.
I refuse to go.
Tom drank all the juice in one gulp.
Tom can't find his hat.
I remember very clearly that he threw two pistols into the river.
My sister started crying.
One learns by doing.
Do you put sugar in your coffee?
Do you put sugar in your coffee?
The tourists were not happy.
Tom had solar panels installed on the roof of his house.
Keep your elbows off the table.
Roses have a nice fragrance.
No one supported his motion.
There is a lot of furniture in his room.
This is a story about love and friendship.
You'll be in trouble.
Where are you going to vacation this summer?
Guess what Tom said.
Guess what Tom said.
He has a will of steel.
Are you both crazy?
Are you both crazy?
Tom got what he deserved.
Tom broke both of his legs.
Tom wants to learn to swim.
Tom had to give up his dream.
Tom forgives you.
Tom forgives you.
Tom followed us.
Tom followed me.
You have to learn how to ride a horse.
This can't go on.
Miracles do happen.
Tom trusted me.
Tom trusts him.
Tom trusts us.
Tom trusts you.
Tom trusts you.
Tom turned away.
Tom took a magazine out of his briefcase and began reading it.
I prefer to write short sentences.
If you could tell me when Tom will arrive, I'll go to the station and pick him up.
Last month I spent a fortune on the telephone bill.
I'm glad that I didn't eat the same thing that you did.
Do you like to drive?
I want to join your team.
She has been studying English since the age of ten.
Do you know how to dance?
I have to fight.
The post office is closed today.
You were wrong about that.
You were wrong about that.
Tom framed the photograph and hung it over the bed.
Why does it have to be me?
We're almost out of sugar.
We only have three spoons.
You need to understand how big this problem is.
I'm a genius.
I'm a witness.
His pride was slightly touched.
Give me a chance, please.
Have you told Tom why you want to study French?
I can't believe Tom made such a stupid mistake.
We know you're the thief.
Do you think I think of myself as an idiot?
Hey, mister! Eat my cat, please!
I can't believe Tom did all of this without anyone's help.
It's about the size of an egg.
It's about the size of an egg.
It's about the size of an egg.
It's about the size of an egg.
People die if they are killed. That's the way it should be.
I won't have it any other way.
You have no more messages.
The long war came to an end at last.
Here's a list of our demands.
I agree with you on that point.
Tom promised not to tell anyone about what we did.
We had no choice. We had to do what they told us to do.
Children often do stupid things.
Of course, there were concerts in the town.
Does Tom swim every day?
Tom is taking a tremendous chance.
Their friendship quickly turned into love.
A person like Tom probably knows how to swim.
What do you love? What do you hate?
Since I was cold, I put on my coat.
The press confirmed the rumors.
Tom felt very lonely.
Visitors are welcome.
I'll pick her up in an hour.
I'll pick him up in an hour.
The thief ran off as soon as he saw the police car.
She can swim.
He studied law at Yale University.
I wouldn't worry so much about that.
Tom went on a camping trip.
They sent him to jail for all the crimes he had committed.
Tom is a client.
My grandson is still a child.
This sentence is incorrect.
I heard you were getting married.
Tom read the message and smiled.
It was an amazing evening.
I want you to give Tom another chance.
I want you to give Tom another chance.
The leaves have turned red.
Remember what I said.
Remember what I said.
I know you think this is ridiculous.
I knew how to swim.
I told them it was urgent.
All women are the same.
How many apples, then?
I hated myself for thinking it.
This year we had more snow than last year.
Hey, we aren't done yet.
I'm going to need at least five minutes.
She brought me a letter to translate.
She is used to speaking in public.
Tom was killed by a suicide bomber.
Tom can't get a job because he doesn't have any experience, but he can't acquire experience because he can't get a job.
I ask you a question.
Fat chance.
My sister hates me.
We had to keep it secret.
Where is my pencil?
Can we ask you a few questions?
I'm sure Tom agrees with me.
I'm suspicious of everybody.
I'm touched by your concern.
Welcome to our humble home.
This time we have proof.
May I ask a personal question?
What did Tom steal?
He's the owner of the company.
She's very experienced.
You can't hide forever.
You didn't deserve that.
You didn't deserve that.
You haven't even tried.
You haven't even tried.
You were warned.
The old man was almost hit by a car.
I've had a slight sore throat since this morning. I wonder if I've caught a cold.
I need to talk to you about your grades.
They advised me to go to the police station.
The old man gave me a useful piece of advice.
Tom is a foreigner.
Let's find out what Tom did.
Let me buy you lunch.
I thought Tom would never stop talking.
These words touched Pinocchio's heart.
Tom didn't even flinch.
I don't know what happened after we left.
I don't know what happened after we left.
I hear she is going to get married next month.
When I get through with my work, I'll call you.
Marriage is made in heaven.
I want to get a haircut before I go on the trip.
Does she have enough energy to take a long trip?
I have a plan. Don't worry.
I have a plan. Don't worry.
I was born on 18th March 1994.
There are four cardinal points: East, south, west and north.
You have a wonderful voice.
Don't ask any more questions.
Don't ask any more questions.
I suddenly became very sad.
One of us could win.
One of us could win.
We have to leave you.
Tom was in the truck.
For oral use.
Why is it so dark in here?
It's like an oven in here.
Why is Tom making us wait here?
Hunger can make people do stupid things.
The monkey is in the cage.
Tom owns this building.
It rains a lot in June.
That's terrible advice.
How much of what I've written here do you understand?
I know why you're leaving.
I know why you're leaving.
Tom is afraid of flying.
Tom has done well.
I think I did well.
I think Tom did well.
Tom did it very well.
They may need our help.
Everybody looked up.
He yells at people all the time.
The older you get, the less sleep you need.
We're reasonable people.
She gave me a beautiful clock, but I lost it.
Tom smells horrible.
When she was reading the letter, she looked sad.
Tom is leaving for three months.
Are you sure you don't need my help?
I don't take them seriously.
My mother carefully opened the door.
I don't intend to do so.
Just give me a chance.
Just put it on my tab.
There's no furniture in the room.
I wouldn't be so optimistic if I were in your position.
Your clothes are out of fashion.
Now I know why Tom hates me.
Isn't that a boy's name?
These shoes are very comfortable.
People always complain about the weather.
God save the Queen!
Look at the stars, let's not waste time.
The Second World War began in 1939 and ended in 1945.
I came to tell you not to worry.
You taught us that.
You taught us that.
You taught us that.
I don't want to go swimming.
Breakfast is the most important meal of the day.
As always, there's nothing to worry about.
I cannot break this computer. It's not mine.
Tom said he saw something weird on the other side of that mountain.
I had a brilliant idea.
Tom won't let anything happen to you.
Tom will regret that sooner or later.
I don't have time to be sick.
I heard you just got married.
She promised that she would meet him after school.
You'd better check it twice.
Try not to worry about me.
Tom has decided not to sell his car.
We shouldn't have bought this car.
Don't get so nervous there is a plenty of time to answer all the questions.
I just don't want you to do something you'll be sorry for.
I like both watching and playing sports.
I'll send a message to Tom.
I'll never trust Tom again.
I'll never trust Tom again.
I got paid yesterday.
I don't remember buying this.
Do you think there's a chance?
Do you think there's a chance?
Australia is an amazing country.
We were all so proud of you.
We were all so proud of you.
We were both proud of you.
We were both proud of you.
We were both proud of you.
We were both proud of you.
I prefer to do it by myself.
I prefer to do it by myself.
You're just a coward.
You're just a coward.
Bring your brother with you.
Bring your brother with you.
Hey, what gives?
You know how important you are to me.
We're all proud of you.
We're all proud of you.
We're all proud of you.
We're all very proud of you.
We're all very proud of you.
We're all very proud of you.
We're all very proud of you.
I still don't trust Tom very much.
We're all so proud of you.
We're all so proud of you.
My pillow is so soft!
Try to answer as many questions as possible.
We're both reasonable people.
If he could pass for eighteen years old, he'd join the army.
Why couldn't you just say no?
It may be too late to make any changes now.
We're proud of you.
We're proud of you.
We're so proud of you.
We're so proud of you.
We've discussed this many times already.
Dan is here to protect me.
Are you satisfied with the hotel?
Tom says that he's never been arrested.
Dan got expelled from school.
Six months later, Dan was back in jail.
Dan is no angel.
What's wrong with me worrying about you?
What's wrong with me worrying about you?
Do you believe in the sixth sense?
Do you believe that women have a sixth sense?
Tom didn't pass the exam, did he?
Yesterday, Tom told me he didn't know how to swim.
You can trust me.
You can trust me.
You can trust Tom.
You can trust us.
You can trust us.
You can trust us.
Nothing would give me greater pleasure.
Tom was able to find true happiness.
Thirty years ago, the clock was struck by lightning.
Tom always speaks in such a low voice that I can barely understand what he says.
They accompany the children to school.
We all are God's sons.
My mom was very strict, too.
I need your signature on the letter before I can mail it.
I'm paying in advance.
She warned you.
She warned you.
People around us help us to realize where we have made a mistake.
It's very dark in there.
Tom certainly was a nice guy.
Yesterday I myself cooked dinner.
Yesterday I myself cooked dinner.
There are no secrets between us.
It's beyond any doubt.
You have the right to remain silent.
What kind of mushrooms are they?
He tried to kiss me.
He tried to kiss her.
Yes, I kissed him. So what?
We've made the discovery of the century.
What time did the meeting end?
Don't be a pig.
Don't depend on it.
Don't depend on it.
He put a pack of cigarettes on the table.
I want to earn a lot of money.
My dad is very strict.
Tom was hiding in the shadows.
What Tom did was very stupid.
Cats are like girls. If they talk to you it's great, but if you try to talk to them, it doesn't go so well.
I can't find my hat.
She got married in her teens.
They sell sporting goods.
We talked with the owner of the house.
There's no point in arguing over tastes.
I was very good.
I may disagree with your words but I hear you out.
She came up with a good solution.
Do people really have to hate one another?
Do you think we will get there on time?
Do you think we will get there on time?
The blanket is still wet.
Do you have doubts?
Do you have doubts?
I was instantly attracted to her.
It's the moment of truth.
My question requires a response.
We saw it on the news.
I know that you hate each other, but you need to work together. You're on the same team.
Half of the melon was eaten.
You've made your choice.
When I was very small, we lived in a house in Utsunomiya, about a hundred kilometres north of Tokyo.
I had fallen into the water.
This chair isn't very comfortable.
My schedule is tight for the next three days.
I'm afraid I have no choice.
Have you read my list of demands?
Uncover the horrific truth of this shocking story.
I'm going to do this myself.
I'm going to do this myself.
I'm proud to be your father.
The horse is jumping.
I'm sorry I interrupted you.
I'm sorry I interrupted you.
I'm sorry, but you're wrong.
I'm sorry, but you're wrong.
That isn't necessary, is it?
Tom wants to learn how to play the trumpet.
Tom turned on the hot water.
How fast does he run?
Yes, I said that murder is a sin, but I never said that sins are wrong.
Do you suspect me? "Should I?"
Do you suspect me?
The starting point of all achievement is desire.
The starting point of all achievement is desire.
The first step towards dealing with a problem is accepting that it exists.
Sixty-nine percent of adult Americans are overweight.
Be home by half past six.
Why are rabbits' ears big?
It's on the eighth floor.
We're out of milk.
The spoons are in the glass.
Tom made serious errors.
Tom made a serious error.
Give him this message as soon as he arrives.
Tom carried his duffel bag on his shoulder.
This theory consists of three parts.
Tom sat on the window sill.
Divide this line segment into twenty equal parts.
Can you teach me how to play that song?
What time does the concert start?
On the whole I agree with you.
She broke the silence.
He has achieved very good results.
They went on a trip a few days ago.
I am staying at a hotel in New York.
I am staying at a hotel in New York.
He ran so he would get there on time.
I think I know where Tom put his keys.
I can see the tower from where I stand.
She broke the silence.
She walked towards us with a smile on her face.
She was brutally murdered.
Give me a gun.
Get in the truck.
Give me the file.
Put the gun away.
Put the gun away.
Put on a nice dress.
Put the shovel down.
Stop immediately.
Just try to keep calm.
Find out what Tom wants.
Give me four white plates.
Put your reading glasses on.
Give me a chance to prove it.
Don't ask questions, just do it.
Tell me where you've been hiding.
Tell me where you've been hiding.
Shoot first, ask questions later.
Take me with you on the next trip.
Just tell me this isn't going to get me thrown into jail.
Tom is dealing with the problem now.
Tom did well today.
Wait your turn, Tom.
I think I'm going to learn a lot from you.
Tom handled it well.
Tom hates his neighbor.
Did Tom kiss you?
Did Tom kiss you?
Stop worrying so much.
OK, what's the secret?
I'm just trying to get out of here.
Tom is active.
Open your eyes, people!
I doubt if Tom would let me do that.
Push the button.
Push the button.
We've got nothing to prove.
Am I under suspicion?
Less than one percent of the population is truly ambidextrous, that is, they have no dominant hand.
I held on to the rope tightly so I wouldn't fall.
I held on to the rope tightly so I wouldn't fall.
She could not take her eyes off of him.
Don't trust any statistics you did not fake yourself.
The calf muscle is located on the back of the lower leg.
I paid in advance.
I am leaving next week.
She gave birth to twin girls.
Is it a deer?
Tom isn't an easy person to lie to.
The scientists made a surprising discovery.
The boy buys a dog.
She has an equal number of grandsons and granddaughters.
Today's my grandson's birthday.
I'm saving them for my grandchildren.
He sat surrounded by his grandchildren.
My youngest brother has two children from his first marriage, and another child from his second.
How many people do you think die from cancer every year?
He came into the room with his hat and coat.
I trusted you.
At first, I had no idea why.
Don't hate me for that.
Don't feel sorry for yourself. We're all in the same boat.
Don't ask questions yet. Just listen to what I have to say.
Don't ask questions yet. Just listen to what I have to say.
You deceived your husband.
Don't make me feel bad about doing what I did.
Don't make me regret letting your stay here.
Don't make me regret letting your stay here.
Don't worry. I promise I'll do what you ask.
Please don't ask that kind of question.
Please don't ask that kind of question.
Don't start something you can't finish.
Put both hands on the steering wheel.
Tell Tom he should stay out of sight.
Give me your flashlight.
I don't think we'll have any problem with raising the money we need.
Have you seen this file?
I'm not counting on it.
Give me back my youth!
I was worried you wouldn't do it.
I wouldn't miss it for the world.
I didn't expect Tom to get here so soon.
Did you let him kiss you?
I wish I could figure out how to burn a DVD.
I got a message from them.
I got a message from him.
I got a message from him.
I got a message from her.
I got a message from her.
Which do you prefer, meat or fish?
How dare you speak to me like that?
Who will write the report?
I thought Tom was a musician.
A very bright idea came to my mind.
Tom made it on time.
Do you remember your passport number?
Dan was an extremely violent man.
I can't give up my dream.
They haven't told me yet whether I passed the test or not.
My computer is grey.
I went to a concert.
Can you trust Tom?
Even adults do a lot of stupid things.
Even adults do a lot of stupid things.
I'd like to be woken up tomorrow at 6:30.
I could eat a horse.
Could Tom be wrong?
Could you sign this?
Could you sign this?
Could you sign this?
I'm not happy about this.
I told Tom it was urgent.
I'm not going to ask again.
I'm only too happy to help.
Call if you need me.
Call if you need me.
Call if you need me.
Call if you need me.
You didn't pay.
That's a wonderful idea.
Tom behaved like a child.
Don't touch me!
What station is it?
Don't mention rope in the home of a hanged man.
All apples are red.
A bright idea occurred to me.
Put on your cap.
Cut it out, Tom.
Did I invite you?
Why did Tom kiss me?
Did Tom pay, too?
He sat himself down on a bench in the shade.
He retired at 65.
She's lucky.
Where did you hide it?
Where did you hide it?
Where did you hide it?
Where did you hide it?
Where did you hide it?
Where did you hide it?
Where did you hide it?
Where did you hide it?
I'm tired of arguing.
Learn to enjoy reading.
There is no lack of effort.
My father? He goes to the library, to the cinema, to the theatre. He's very active.
He is present at the meeting.
When she saw me naked, she burst out laughing.
Has it arrived?
When he saw me naked, he burst out laughing.
My watch was stolen last night.
My watch was stolen last night.
Thank you for yesterday.
That doesn't interest us at all.
They took a sample of my blood at the hospital.
The concert will take place in London this weekend.
How can I reach the hotel?
I live in this hotel.
They must be replaced.
Tom tried to remember where he had put his passport.
I'm not particularly worried.
I fell against the radiator.
I just got married.
I think I'll buy this tie.
I think I'll take this tie.
Tom got up from the bench.
This is Tom, my assistant.
I'm not very easily impressed.
I turned the TV on.
I've always preferred working alone.
Tom makes about fifty phone calls a day.
They're joking.
They're terrible.
Don't take things so seriously.
The hotel that I stay in is dirty.
Why does Tom hate me?
Tom is suffering from a cold.
It's not silly, but it's ridiculous.
Put on a jacket.
Let me ask you a stupid question.
You have three messages.
Don't trust him.
Give us a chance.
Give us a chance.
Don't worry about him.
It was very difficult to swim against the current.
Why didn't you use it?
Tom has been out of work three months.
Where should I sign my name?
We've discussed this.
Eat everything on your plate.
Tom was smart enough to escape.
Many people make similar mistakes.
I want you to give a message to Tom.
Their second album is much better than their first album.
Tom seemed very sad.
Tom says he's dying.
Tom was covered with sweat.
It's interesting that both of you have the same name.
You don't even want to win.
Didn't Tom tell you I was dying?
Did you get married?
Did you push it?
Did you record it?
Did you sign this?
Did you sign this?
Did you sign this?
Did you steal this?
Did you steal this?
Did you take notes?
Did you take notes?
Did you take notes?
Tom tried to start the car.
Tom was sitting on a bench.
How did your date go?
Why don't we just elope?
If at first you don't succeed, try, try, try again.
Tom is in the warehouse.
You'll be receiving the results of your test in the mail.
I can't get this lid off.
Tom helped cook lunch.
Tom is a fast thinker.
She didn't get paid for it.
I didn't buy them.
What right do you have to order us around?
What right do you have to order us around?
You can trust them.
You can trust them.
I'm going to change my shirt.
I remembered it.
I'm going to rest before I go out.
I feel like taking a rest.
The air here is awful.
She translated the text literally.
She eats like a pig.
That made a profound impression on me.
Tom slept on the top bunk.
Tom talked about his trip.
Are you hiding something?
There was a huge explosion.
I suggest you give your old computer to Tom.
Why didn't you buy a Japanese car?
They replaced everything.
There's a problem with the engine.
They were lucky.
We were lucky.
How old were you when you learned to write your name?
She seemed to be satisfied with the result of the exam.
Tom isn't going to be happy about this.
They yielded the town to the enemy.
You must not speak ill of others behind their backs.
I'm sure you have things you need to do.
Tom hates homework.
Tom is an active person.
I could be wrong, but I think Tom wants to go home early.
I can't take my eyes off her.
It's more complicated than I originally thought.
Who's joking?
I like both watching and playing sports.
I couldn't sleep, thinking about it.
Sometimes that happens.
You put in too much sugar.
I dream of going to Mexico.
His finger bleeds.
Her finger bleeds.
It reminded me of you.
I don't like camping. Do you like camping?
I don't like to be touched.
They hate us.
It's an experiment.
The number of members will grow quickly.
Tom's cruel.
Tom's cruel.
He tends to lie.
Tom signed the bill.
Promise you'll tell Tom about this.
We leave in three hours.
How did you get inside?
Tom is sure to win.
Do I look like an idiot?
Do I look stupid?
I feel so stupid.
He seldom, if ever, comes.
He promised me to come at four.
Tom has made a lot of mistakes.
Don't worry. You'll make it.
Don't worry. You'll make it.
Don't worry. You'll make it.
Isn't this great?
Why were you absent yesterday?
Why were you absent yesterday?
Why were you absent yesterday?
Why were you absent yesterday?
It was a great loss.
Are you high?
Can I get a pillow?
Abandon ship!
Abandon ship!
Stop reading.
Stop shooting.
Tom won.
I was up almost all night.
He is afraid to fly in an airplane.
They need money.
It's very surprising.
We'll try to be more careful the next time.
I don't see any other explanation.
You have nothing to hide, do you?
Cowards die many times before their deaths.
Don't make me say it again.
Don't make me say it again.
Are you ready for today's exam?
Are you ready for today's exam?
Are you ready for today's exam?
I'd like to wring Tom's neck.
Today is a very special day.
She hates secrets.
He hates secrets.
What's so special about that?
Why is the world so cruel to me?
I've always had a fear of flying.
Boys can't enter the girls' dormitories.
Hey, didn't you wear that shirt yesterday?
Hey, weren't you the one wearing this shirt yesterday?
Thank God it's over.
Thank God it's over.
When does the post office open?
When does the post office open?
He's the owner of the company.
Everything I undertake goes wrong.
There's no water at all in this desert.
There's no water at all in this desert.
There's no point in you meeting them, since you don't have much to offer.
This sentence is a mess. Was it written by a foreigner?
I am going to introduce you to the rest of the crew.
I am going to introduce you to the rest of the crew.
This is not funny!
I minimized the window.
I minimized the document and then maximized it again.
I finished translating for today.
He wrote a book, and an excellent one at that.
This student is an American.
My computer is my best friend.
Tom had to have a new gearbox fitted to his car.
Are we cool yet?
Finish crying and then we'll talk.
Finish frying the potatoes.
They wiped out an entire species.
That's imitation leather.
I'm only doing this for your own good.
I'm only doing this for your own good.
I'm only doing this for your own good.
The cheeses have eaten my friends.
We both laughed.
The examination is close at hand.
Tom doesn't trust the government.
Tom will furnish you with anything you need.
Tom will furnish you with anything you need.
Humans are sentient beings.
Whose drawing did you like?
What a stroke of luck!
Men are proud of their genitals.
It seemed unbelievable.
It is not easy to catch a hare with your bare hands.
You did wrong to refuse his help.
Dogs have all the good qualities of people without at the same time possessing their weaknesses.
He had no coat on.
He had no coat on.
We're not worried.
He boarded the ship.
Tom lost his pencil.
Tom made a few mistakes on the test.
Tom may eat whatever he wants to.
Tom might be able to do that, but I doubt it.
Tom moved to a company that offered him a higher salary.
Tom has to change his shirt.
Tom must choose between honor and death.
You're such an idiot.
I will try to do my best.
I couldn't recognize her at first.
I do need a vacation!
You look like death.
It took me two hours to memorize this sentence.
She went nearly mad with grief after the child died.
She trusted you.
She trusted you.
What is the use of mathematics?
Luck is not on my side.
Tom gave the film a rating of 7 out of 10.
As long as they're not doing it in public, let 'em go for it.
Everything is negotiable.
They all can drive.
The only way to do great work is to love what you do.
I hate my boss.
She was washing the dishes.
Tom embraced his son.
I don't believe that Tom is the murderer.
I was jumping.
Can you elaborate on this a little more?
Ask only questions that can be answered with yes or no.
I want to know who you're going to the dance with.
Maybe he was in an accident?
I don't want you to die.
I don't want you to die.
I don't want you to die.
Tom needs us.
I can teach you how to sing.
That's a very dry explanation.
I don't trust the police.
Guess who I am.
Tom was in his underwear.
I can't find the word to express what I feel.
Driverless cars are now widely in use.
What is the distance between New York and London?
Tom began to learn French about three years ago.
I had a mishap.
He knows most who speaks least.
Can we talk about the wedding?
Tom isn't studying French any longer.
We don't have any more sugar.
Tom wouldn't even discuss it.
They are talking past each other.
The town where I live is quite small.
I'll be sure to remember that.
It was a blast.
There is a cat under the desk.
Is breakfast included?
I am curious about Japanese culture.
A lion would be scary to have as a pet.
Don't waste so much time!
Does anybody own this sentence?
He asked a question in class.
He turned on the light.
I hate my boss.
Tom is painting a picture.
You must think I'm an idiot.
You need to learn to listen.
I know you were joking.
I know you like sports.
You're the most reliable friend I have.
Do they sell books?
We might regret this.
I tried to stay awake.
Give me a room near the elevator.
What is more important, the will or the way to achieve a goal?
How many elevators are there in this shopping mall?
This can't have been an accident.
I'll have you know I've been in the business for over a decade.
Although there are so many English sentences on Tatoeba, most of them recycle the same basic words, whereas more complex words remain unrepresented.
Emily ate an apple.
Do you agree, Tom?
Do you have homework?
Do you have homework?
Do you have proof?
Do you have proof?
I'm retired, too.
That's what you call good luck.
That's what you call good luck.
That's what you call good luck.
Please explain the reason why she was arrested.
I have nothing else to study.
I knew you'd find me.
I knew you'd find me.
I knew you'd find me.
I knew you'd find me.
Men are like bears - the uglier they are, the more attractive they are.
Do you sell wine?
Do you sell wine?
Do you still dance?
Does Tom swim often?
Why did you kiss me?
Why did you kiss me?
I'm studying French and web design.
What's my punishment?
She looked at me suspiciously.
Tom spends a lot of money on books.
I felt the earth shake under my feet.
I don't have the slightest idea how my computer works.
Show a little respect.
Do you have any reasonable explanation about it?
The girls danced to music.
I am giving Tom a last chance.
Tom looked at me like I was crazy.
Tom looked at me like I was crazy.
Tom makes an excellent martini.
How badly was Tom hurt?
Tom walked inside.
He warned his students.
Were you concerned about me?
I wanted to help Tom build his house.
For me, being a doctor isn't a job, it's a calling.
I want to fight.
Martin Luther King Jr. fought for civil rights for African-Americans by teaching nonviolence.
Ice is solid.
The war continued.
Tom loves studying music.
That company produces microchips.
Will the experiment succeed?
Monroe received 65 votes.
Rosa Parks was arrested.
What was the explanation?
He asked her out on a date.
He asked her out on a date.
I hate children.
Even goats have beards.
Tom has tricked you.
I didn't kiss him. He kissed me.
He has a bright future.
I didn't kiss him. He kissed me.
For you, failure is the only option.
Hooker was extremely pleased.
Industry was growing quickly.
Deaf people can talk in sign language.
They deserved it.
You just have to promise me one thing.
You just have to promise me one thing.
You just have to promise me one thing.
He has gone mad.
I want to write all of this down.
He's the last person I would ask help from, because he is completely unreliable.
Tom has won again.
I've started smoking again.
The administration makes important decisions.
I didn't have enough proof.
They were arguing about money.
They were arguing about money.
The soldiers started their attack.
They took a brief vacation.
He turned to the left at the corner.
There were many snow storms last winter.
He's a bird watcher.
I've already been paid.
I'll consider your suggestion.
I've got to get inside.
Whichever wins, I'll be happy.
That's a reasonable question.
That's a great question.
Do we have a deal?
Can I ask you another question?
The largest bedroom faces south.
Is now a good time to talk?
Tom can lift heavy weights.
Tom has to lose weight.
Oh, please, stop that noise!
Can you add these numbers?
They wanted to earn money.
They called it mass murder.
He won the next election.
He won the next election.
Did he support her idea?
The danger of war passed.
The war in Europe ended.
Japan wanted control of Manchuria.
Your theory has no scientific basis.
She's sure to succeed.
She's sure to succeed.
A man like me needs a hat.
Don't be a dog in the manger.
He did well in all subjects and, above all, in mathematics.
You're stupid to trust him.
Human rights are universal.
I want a full report as soon as possible.
I need to know that Tom can be trusted.
The ice is so thin that it won't bear your weight.
Someone said something, but I could not understand it.
The news is too good to be true.
I know I probably won't win.
Tom told me all the details.
Who is that woman with the brown coat?
Tom cried when his dog died.
Do you hate me?
Tom filled a cup with water.
I was told not to trust you.
I wasn't worried about that.
How do I gain weight?
Tom deserved the punishment he got.
Tom didn't want me to kiss him.
Tom didn't want me to kiss him.
No one should have to suffer like that.
No, the Chinese kitchen is the best.
I went to the library.
She did it out of curiosity.
What did I win?
George Washington arrived the day before.
James Monroe easily won the election.
It was a most difficult problem.
Nobody knows why this kind of thing happens.
Some Americans joined the Communist Party.
You're my new assistant.
You're my new assistant.
Most Americans agreed with President Wilson.
Hoover withdrew American forces from Nicaragua.
Many Americans did not have jobs.
Hoover was well-known to Americans.
Hundreds of ships left American ports.
It was an extremely cruel war.
It was an extremely cruel war.
Not all Americans supported the war.
How long have you been married?
The train headed for the station.
Is Tom still swimming?
Americans need a visa to travel to China.
Today is April 1! Let's play some pranks!
The youth of our land are not interested in politics.
Put the baby to sleep.
Put the baby to sleep.
Get the kid to bed.
Get the kid to bed.
Get the kid to bed.
I won't be wearing a tie.
I opened the drawer to get a pencil.
I went twice.
The atmosphere in this restaurant is nice.
He will regret this.
She will regret this.
You liked to swim.
In theory, there is no difference between theory and practice. But, in practice, there is.
I dunno what's with ya these days.
You liked to swim.
I couldn't be prouder.
Do you have enough money for the trip?
Do you have enough money for the trip?
I can make it to my class on time, he thought.
I can make it to my class on time, he thought.
All citizens should respect the law.
The fighting lasted about three months.
Coolidge won the 1924 election easily.
He understood he could not win.
He won re-election twelve times.
He wasn't a good politician.
He knew he could not win.
All the benches are taken.
My spoon is too big!
I am going to learn to swim over the holiday.
I was just trying to impress him.
I was just trying to impress her.
He is a man of many talents.
You should especially not drink on an empty stomach.
Stop. It's not funny.
Tell Tom I can hear him.
What are some tasty foods that would go well with potatoes?
I prefer traveling by train to flying.
You cannot pluck love out of your heart as you would pull a tooth.
Beautiful weather, isn't it?
I didn't want to make the same mistake twice.
The doctor told her that she should take a rest.
You drive.
You pig!
I've got a 38.9 degree fever.
I've got a 38.9 degree fever.
I must leave you.
I'm warning you not to do that.
Is it right that you and I should fight?
Am I under suspicion?
It was not until yesterday that we knew about it.
You're the only person I know besides me who really understands this problem.
Tom walked into the barn.
Tom was sitting on a log.
We were worried about you.
Sometimes I'm right and sometimes I'm wrong.
It's too early to go to bed.
It is too early to go to bed.
I know that you are learning Lojban.
Did you forget to buy eggs?
Did you forget to buy eggs?
Did you forget to buy eggs?
He didn't get paid for it.
There were hidden cameras everywhere.
Don't worry. You'll make it.
Don't worry. You'll make it.
Have you seen my coat?
Have you seen my coat?
I didn't want to spend my whole life there.
I don't want to spend my whole life here.
The doctors said he would never again be able to walk without some support.
You're so wrong.
You're so wrong.
Who can one trust ?
I taught him everything he knows.
I taught her everything she knows.
I bear no grudge against you.
I warned her, but she didn't listen.
I bet I finish first.
I bet I finish first.
I bet I know what's wrong.
Tom should give me a second chance, don't you think?
It makes me sad to think of her death.
I won't examine you.
I solved every exercise in less than half an hour.
What's Tom trying to hide?
Tom suddenly stopped smiling.
Tom thought I'd let him down.
Tom entered without knocking.
Tom finally stopped laughing.
We have to keep it a secret.
We haven't been invited yet.
We may need some more paper.
I've never tried it.
Tom looked over the documents carefully.
Tom took the children to the park.
Winter in this area was extremely cold.
I told you it was urgent.
I told you it was urgent.
I don't need a counselor.
Skiing is my favorite sport.
I'm on a really tight schedule this week.
How much does he pay for gas each month?
Guess who's coming for dinner.
Guess who's coming for dinner.
He tried to write down everything the teacher said.
There is a nice park in the center of the town.
My recorded voice does not sound like my natural voice.
You're an idiot.
We're sad.
You don't mind, do you?
What's the use of talking?
What happened to your ring?
We shouldn't take the risk.
All agree with you.
He's no spring chicken.
She's no spring chicken.
She has soft skin.
I'm sure we all agree.
Is that a threat?
Stop asking so many questions.
He committed five murders.
I changed my shirt.
Students never really study seriously until just before the exams.
If you don't want to eat potatoes, then sit hungry.
Then the motor suddenly died.
I expected that he would come.
Do you have two computers?
I won't need this.
I regretted doing that.
I want you to send this report to Tom.
I recently had surgery.
We didn't get paid this week.
She gets good marks in English.
I need to press the button.
I am beginning to suspect that I am the love of my life.
She was arrested by the police.
Tom suffers from homophobia.
This material has a rough texture.
I prefer red.
The river flows slowly to the sea.
Why take that risk?
Where did you learn to drive?
Where did you learn to drive?
You may kiss the bride.
You may kiss the bride.
You may kiss the bride.
You may kiss the bride.
The darkest hour is just before dawn.
When does Tony study?
You know my secret.
There's no other choice.
We had a slight difference of opinion.
She ate an apple.
I felt like my life was over.
Tom watched the 6 o'clock news.
Our marriage has come to an end.
Health is the most precious thing we have.
Don't ask questions. Just follow me.
I helped her clear the table.
I helped him clear the table.
He promised to come, and didn't.
He listened to the news on the radio as he fed his dog.
He listened to the news on the radio as he fed his dog.
I want you to listen to me.
I want you to listen to me.
When I hear that song I remember my youth.
Studies have shown that the less people eat, the longer they live.
He's mumbling something.
I want you to leave my house.
I have never bought so many bananas!
Tom can't ever keep a secret.
Tom usually takes a shower before eating breakfast.
When was the last time you argued with your wife?
Only a few students understood the assignment.
The juggler wowed the crowd by keeping ten oranges up in the air.
Tom was worried, too.
I can teach you how to play.
The captain of the ship decided to change course.
Tom asked me to pick him up at the station.
I'm counting on that.
Tom and Mary told nobody about the wedding.
The rain prevented me from going out.
The rain prevented me from going out.
It is rather sad to see people who can't even use their mother tongue correctly.
Have you got a match?
Our wedding is tomorrow.
They'll take control of the situation.
It doesn't happen very often.
You have reached your destination.
I've got no place to go, so I'm going to stay here.
I couldn't bear to lose you again.
Tom rubbed his chin.
There's no way of telling who'll win.
I see you made a good impression.
I see you made a good impression.
I could've done this without your permission.
There might have been a miscalculation.
Tom isn't good at making conversation.
Tom is here for you.
I could never win an election.
Let me ask Tom a simple question.
I could ask you the same question.
I think a drink would help me calm down.
What a wonderful idea!
I turned on the lamp.
You've left me no other choice.
You have my support.
Give me back my youth!
I won't bother you again.
I don't like this tie. Show me another one.
I'm not trying to impress them.
I'm not trying to impress him.
I'm not trying to impress her.
We were trying to impress them.
I was trying to impress them.
I was trying to impress him.
I was trying to impress her.
We're not trying to impress them.
I'm trying to impress her.
I'm trying to impress him.
I'm trying to impress them.
We're trying to impress them.
I think I impressed her.
I think I impressed him.
I think I impressed them.
I think we impressed them.
I think you impressed them.
I think you impressed them.
Tom says that he has a secret weapon.
I heard you got married.
I heard you got married.
Are you still in doubt about what I have said?
He rarely writes to his father.
They hate the laws.
He drives fast.
Roses smell nice.
They're probably Americans.
I love studying languages.
I leave this evening.
You shouldn't trust anything Tom says.
He may be clever, but he is not very helpful.
This is a tower.
Wake them up.
Young people love adventure.
Please don't ask me any more questions.
Please don't ask me any more questions.
I didn't win.
Did you want to ask me any questions?
As it is cold, you may keep your overcoat on.
I didn't win.
You can always count on me.
Could you press this button?
Could you press this button?
What an interesting theory!
There is no message.
I'm going back inside.
I can only say that I agree with you.
I can only say that I agree with you.
How much did you pay for the dress?
How much did you pay for the dress?
Tom talked about sports.
I'm tired of watching television.
The temperature fell.
I visited the house in which Shakespeare was born.
Tomorrow's payday.
We need to ask you some questions.
Choose carefully.
Choose carefully.
Tom paid.
They struggled.
The arrow missed its target.
Listen carefully to what I am going to tell you.
What does Tom want to do tomorrow?
He must have left.
Are we cool yet?
They granted his request.
We could use your help.
He shot an arrow at the soldier.
He showed an interest in the book.
He helped the blind man to cross the street.
Don't worry about whether or not you get the right answers.
Those hens lay eggs almost every day.
Tom is grim.
Bad thoughts lead to bad deeds.
Our teacher is at once stern and kindly.
What are you using for bait?
Some people think that hang gliding is a dangerous sport.
When the dog is happy it wags its tail.
Were you present at the crime scene?
Cordova is a city in southern Spain.
She's just trying to get attention.
It's sand as far as the eye can see.
Do unto yourself as you do unto others.
It's time for me to be on my way.
We are going to gather at the mall at 3 pm today.
We are going to gather at the mall at 3 pm today.
Someone left you a message.
Is there intelligent life on Earth?
Someone left you a message.
Someone left you a message.
It is an extremely useful object.
It's an excellent plan.
I want people to appreciate the beauty of my native language, and I want to experience how beautiful other languages can be, too.
Play the hand you're dealt.
Speak slowly and clearly.
When did you get married?
When did you get married?
Make sure you get enough sleep.
It's too bright to sleep.
Have you tried taking a sleeping pill?
Tom picked up a piece of the broken mirror.
I worry about him.
I started crying.
Have you told everyone where the meeting will be?
Mary allowed Tom to kiss her.
What should I wear?
I guess that'll do.
We had a little car trouble.
Do exactly what we tell you.
Do I need to sign anything?
The commander refused to negotiate.
I thought I could do it, but it was more difficult than I expected it to be.
You don't have to worry.
Water transmits sound better than air.
We sometimes judge others based on their actions.
Don't be afraid to break the rules a little.
Don't be afraid to break the rules.
We had a little argument.
The house where I live belongs to my parents.
It's a Japanese dog.
He turned a blind eye.
He was absent from the meeting.
A huge explosion occurred in Tianjin.
You're too young to retire.
Your parents must be proud.
They claim that iodized salt is healthy.
When is the breakfast served?
At what time is dinner served?
They're in the library.
I beg of you, don't die!
I do sports in order to stay healthy.
I do sports in order to stay healthy.
I promised her I'd not tell anyone.
What does your job entail?
What does your job entail?
Don't die!
What horrible weather.
Guess what happened to me.
He's tickled pink.
Everything is stupid.
I had my watch stolen yesterday.
You've got nice legs.
I thought it was a secret.
Sit down, Kate.
I thought it was a secret.
He threw up.
She threw up.
Ah, those Russians!
They threw up.
What time do you go to bed?
What time do you go to bed?
You have to stop helping Mary.
You have to stop helping Mary.
You have to stop helping Mary.
Do you not like Chinese cuisine?
Don't you dare answer that.
Why aren't you wearing those earrings I gave you?
I am an avid lover of early music.
Bring me a bucket of water.
Bring me a bucket of water.
Tom works by the sweat of his brow.
People die every day.
I warned you.
I have a vivid imagination.
I did warn you.
I did warn you.
I spent twelve hours on the train.
Where does she buy books?
Don't tell me how to spend my money.
It's amazing how quiet it becomes when snow is falling.
Sleep tight.
Replace it.
Please stop.
Look away.
Look away.
Leave town.
Everyone hesitated.
Everybody paid.
The cup was empty.
It happens.
I collected coffee cups.
It has happened before.
Who escaped?
Prove it by experiment.
You let us down.
Tom promised.
Who swam?
Trust Tom.
Trust Tom.
It rained nonstop.
I'm studying several languages.
I followed him.
Nobody's forcing you to stay.
Winds from the sea are moist.
Rock is the music of the young.
Today is the fifth of March.
Let's respect the animals, because they are sentient beings.
Her cheeks turned red.
Her cheeks turned red.
Her cheeks turned red.
She complains about everything and everyone.
Because she is twenty-five years old, she gets married.
I have a feeling something very special is going to happen.
I can deliver that to him.
I would like to book a flight to Brazil.
Tom had dinner by himself.
Did you learn to swim when you were a child?
Nobody else can enter the building, as it could collapse at any moment.
I know about that research.
Dan woke up the children.
They're dying.
The bear has a short tail.
Tomorrow, I'm going to study at the library.
I'll tell you when I find out what's going on.
You'd better rest a while.
Press any key to continue.
That's not a very funny story.
Let's not invite them.
From which station does the train leave?
Tom doesn't want to be touched by anyone.
Do what you believe is right.
Do what you believe is right.
Does your wife have a passport?
I know we gotta stay quiet!
Luck's on my side today.
Oh no, you have revealed our secret!
Angels have two wings, the Devil has a tail.
Am I a boy or a girl? Who cares?
Let's take the elevator.
He had a radio.
They don't think about the poor children who are dying of hunger.
An idiot like Dan has no place on this team.
How often do you buy new clothes?
Are you retired, Tom?
Are you retired, Tom?
Does your wife have a passport?
Does your wife have a passport?
I don't agree with it.
There was a woman here earlier looking for you.
We were worried because we weren't getting any news.
Don't worry. Your joke did not really discomfit me.
There is too much furniture in the house.
I'm sure you are wrong.
I saw Tom dancing with another girl.
What's under the blanket?
What were you doing in that cave?
What were you doing in that cave?
What were you doing in that cave?
Tom wants to join our club.
This task is difficult.
Nobody's forcing you to stay.
Nobody's forcing you to stay.
It seems to me that you are wrong.
Please make sure.
All are present.
Nobody taught me.
Are you trying to buy my silence?
Are you trying to buy my silence?
Monkeys are intelligent.
Even the blackest cow only gives white milk.
World War One did not end quickly or easily.
Tom is glad it's all over.
Due to circumstances beyond our control, we had to postpone the meeting.
Did he write it with a pencil?
He could not find what I had hidden.
He could not find what I had hidden.
I wish you were wrong, but I know that you're right.
The official tongue of Grenada is English.
Stop immediately.
Stop right now.
Stop that right now.
If you see this message, write me.
If you see this message, write me.
If you see this message, write me.
He continued writing a letter.
I think there must be much gold in the depths of the Earth.
What? You still don't know how to drive a car?
What? You still don't know how to drive a car?
The things you own, they end up owning you.
Do you think it's possible to pass all the exams?
The horse took fright and bolted.
Tom is so rich that even his servants have servants.
Hey, don't stop now.
He was born in a small village in the south of Turkey.
A team is only as strong as its weakest member.
I don't know how to thank you.
I don't know how to thank you.
I don't know how to thank you.
You didn't die in vain.
I'll complain about you.
I'm cutting glass.
He decided on a red car.
Listen to me, I beg of you.
We ask questions to our teachers.
I don't like artificial flowers.
My husband was probably drunk when he signed this.
Keep notes.
Mary's husband always helps with the grocery shopping because she finds walking difficult.
Wake her up.
Wake him up.
I forgive you.
Don't forget to wear a tie.
She said that her husband hit her, but in fact it was the other way around.
I have homework.
I'm blind.
She hates running.
The law and justice are not the same.
Tom accidentally threw his thumb drive into the garbage.
I'm inviting you.
Do you have a school uniform?
What do you want to give Tom for his birthday?
You were hiding.
I hate you, and at the same time I love you.
The wolves are near us.
The wolves are near us.
May I have a pillow and a blanket, please?
I think you should leave well enough alone.
Happiness is a choice.
Happiness is a choice.
Burn the body.
Burn the body.
They trust you.
He has no interests, apart from his work.
Follow your dreams.
I choose to be happy.
Let's go swimming.
I hope I'm wrong.
Did I say something funny?
The dog ran away from us.
The money was all there. Nobody touched it.
The murderer hid in the mountains.
The news shocked me.
It isn't a quilt.
Love isn't blind, but it's often stupid.
Love isn't blind, but it's often stupid.
Are you sure you want to throw all of this away?
Are you sure you want to throw all of this away?
Are you sure you want to throw all of this away?
Tom is going to need your help.
Hawaii is an earthly paradise.
She suddenly fell silent.
This price is reasonable.
There are nine girls and three boys in the library.
If we were together I would bring you flowers every day.
We agreed on a price.
Maybe Tom was trying to warn us about something.
In spite of his tight schedule, Tom always has time to spend with his children.
What are our chances?
Some things never change.
I sell flowers.
Tom left a message.
The ship's crew is now complete.
Don't let him switch on the lamp.
There's only one question left to ask.
There's one question I would like to ask you.
There's no question that Tom was the thief.
There are a few more questions I'd like to ask you.
That's the wrong question.
That's the same question I asked you.
Why are they leaving?
The global economy has fallen into a recession.
Don't speak too loud. You'll wake her up.
Don't speak too loud. You'll wake her up.
It looks like the world didn't end on December 21st after all.
We don't get many visitors here.
Tom is listening to the radio.
The river is no longer as clean as it used to be.
I almost cried too!
He was not allowed to remain silent.
I was just going to ask you the same question.
You have stolen my happiness, Charles.
I'm just saying you shouldn't trust Tom.
I'm just saying you shouldn't trust Tom.
Tom is proud of his sons.
Tom was walking.
Tom is walking.
Which side won?
I tried to warn you.
He walked quietly.
They like apples.
They like apples.
This is the most delicious apple.
She wants to get married right away.
Tom is very proud of his son.
I'm going to confess.
My uncle possesses great wealth.
I do have a theory.
Many people think I'm crazy.
Many people think I'm crazy.
The fire burned down ten houses.
I'm getting a little hungry.
We should get out of here as fast as we can.
It has been announced that railway fares will be raised by 10 percent starting on the first of March.
The problem was too difficult for us to solve without help.
There are many videos on YouTube of people doing stupid things.
The prince became a king that day.
That sword is fit for a prince.
I don't really want to be there.
Time after time I've invited them to come over and visit us but time and time again they've never come.
I think I've made a horrible mistake.
You aren't special.
I pay my taxes.
Even if you don't like music, you'll enjoy his concert.
Every pupil was asked one question.
He reeled in a huge fish yesterday.
The steam ship has gone out of sight.
It was hard at first.
Do you take me for an idiot?
Do you take me for an idiot?
Do you take me for an idiot?
Why did he break off his speech?
It seems that these days there's a murder somewhere every day. "Indeed. It's a dangerous world, isn't it?"
There is oil in hair in its natural state.
I let him sleep at my house for the night.
See if you can make my hair lie flat.
I bet you can't do this.
I bet you can't do this.
She's a wonderful girl.
We've all become communists.
You doubt, so you exist.
Let's dance.
I was more angry than sad.
It's very bitter.
There's no difference.
There's no difference.
You have to rest.
We're not selling our house.
We're not selling our house.
They're talking about sports.
Don't put salt on my wounds!
I'm not sad.
Tom is wonderful.
Tom is muttering.
They followed you.
Everything she says is untrue.
I didn't kiss her.
He made a mistake.
The dream is over.
He conducts his business very well.
Excuse me, but you're mistaken.
Excuse me, but you're mistaken.
Your hat is somewhere around here.
Your hat is somewhere around here.
He can hardly walk.
Yes, the apple is red.
You're too young to worry about cellulite.
When did you learn to drive?
That girl's face is incredibly ugly.
I joined the Navy.
From the hill, we could see all the buildings in the city.
From the hill, we could see all the buildings in the city.
Fire! Run!
I can't wait to see you again.
Fire! Run!
He wrote letters and read before going to sleep again.
You should always ask for permission first.
You should always ask for permission first.
Do you have a pen or a pencil?
My brother takes a new book out of the library every day.
I have doubts about the success of their plan.
You can handle this.
Tom appeared to be bewildered.
Tom spent three decades in prison for a crime he didn't commit.
How can you be so cruel?
No one has the right to be so cruel.
Try to ignore the noise.
It was difficult to keep up the conversation.
Tom sometimes falls asleep in class.
You've done something wrong.
Did you do well in the exam?
I knew you wouldn't let me down.
I knew you wouldn't let me down.
Is the game still going on?
He put on a hat.
Mom, thank you for giving birth to me.
Are you a good dancer?
The yellow-eyed penguin is the sole extant species in the genus Megadyptes.
She became a police officer.
I'm dying of laughter.
You think I'm stupid?
Please write it down.
Don't touch the computer.
Don't touch the computer.
Where was I supposed to go?
I knew you were crazy, but I didn't know you were this crazy.
Don't worry, I'm going to help you.
Don't worry, I'm going to help you.
You might learn how to swim.
Don't worry, I'll do it.
Don't worry, I'll do it.
I hate my parents.
She wastes all of her money on clothes.
She wastes all of her money on clothes.
I want to hear your story. Go on, please.
There is a bench on the balcony.
I know that German with a long beard.
I fell asleep in class.
I fell asleep in class.
I fell asleep in class.
I fell asleep in class.
She took thousands of pictures during her trip, but they were all bad.
She took thousands of pictures during her trip, but they were all bad.
There is no rose without thorns.
Is Tom able to swim?
We were exhausted but happy.
Touch wood!
The cold weather has turned the leaves red.
The stomach is one of the internal organs.
Fortune favours the brave.
I've decided to give Tom another chance.
Write everything down.
That was my first visit to Japan.
We weren't complaining.
Tom rarely complains.
The elevators aren't working.
Don't ever laugh at your wife's choices, because after all you're one of them.
The higher he rose in social rank, the more modest he became.
Tom grew up near a lake, but he isn't a good swimmer.
Can your mom drive a car?
Only fools take risks.
You don't have to kiss me.
That was my first visit to Japan.
In Soviet Russia, river swims you!
That girl is walking slowly.
He likes sports.
It's just a bad dream.
The tail of a fox is longer than that of a rabbit.
Men are like bears: the uglier they are, the more handsome.
I don't want to change it.
I don't want it changed.
Take a wild guess.
I don't think Tom hates you.
I hate flying.
Here's the report.
Tickets aren't required for tonight's concert.
Have you got a beard already?
Tom wants respect.
We respect them.
Am I stupid?
Am I stupid?
I've never trusted you and I never will.
I've never trusted you and I never will.
I've never trusted you and I never will.
I've never trusted you and I never will.
Going to the school by bus doesn't take long.
Tom asked a few good questions.
His wife leads him by the nose.
He pulled the wool over their eyes.
This room is twelve feet by twenty-four feet.
How important is this?
Introverts need solitude to recover from having to work with extroverts.
Tom attended the wedding.
Tom attended the wedding.
Let your imagination run wild.
He got good marks in math.
You should marry someone you love.
I hate being here.
We went to the park to take pictures.
I like spoons.
We all deserve respect.
You worry about everything.
There were no eyewitnesses.
There were 30 witnesses.
Who are the witnesses?
There are no witnesses.
We won't be silenced.
They haven't won yet.
They haven't won yet.
Of course, Tom won.
Of course, Tom won.
Tom was diagnosed with gastric cancer.
Tom woke the others.
There's no escape for her.
Who can we trust?
I will do it on condition that you support me.
I will do it on condition that you support me.
You have to go the rest of the way without me.
You have to go the rest of the way without me.
You have to go the rest of the way without me.
You have to go the rest of the way without me.
I agree with you.
Remember what we argued about yesterday? Turns out you were right all along.
Tom asked for a blanket and a pillow.
No one trusts him any more.
She had never been so proud of herself.
I'm sure I'll manage on my own.
This bridge became famous among young people.
I bent over to take the pen.
I bent over to take the pen.
I almost kissed her.
I almost kissed him.
Thanks for listening.
Tom ate a Greek salad.
Greek and Latin are useful languages, so I'm studying them.
Over ten thousand messages are sent every second on Facebook.
Mice don't have grandchildren.
I always rely on him in times of trouble.
Count on me.
He's always on time.
The girl had big boobs but sadly she was one sandwich short of a picnic.
There were six people at the concert last week.
Who will pay?
We had a wonderful holiday.
We had a wonderful holiday.
Tom left me a message.
I think we're moving along pretty well.
His room was brightly lit.
She lives by the sea, but she doesn't know how to swim.
She didn't bat an eyelid.
I don’t believe that black cats cause bad luck.
The results for the English exam this time were very good.
You're always complaining!
What's the secret?
I'd better get going. My father is really strict.
It's time to rest.
It's time to rest.
It's time to get aboard.
Fire! Tom cried.
Tom is kissing his wife.
She gave me a lovely watch, but I lost it.
Do you still hate me?
Tom suddenly started to cry.
I want to be a pilot when I grow up.
We didn't have computers when I was growing up.
We didn't have computers when I was growing up.
Winter will be over soon.
It's morning here in my time zone.
My brother is stupid.
Russia signed its own peace treaty with Germany.
How many caves are there in this area?
I have a coat, but I don't have a hat.
Which hat is yours?
Which hat is yours?
I forgot that today was April Fool's Day.
I forgot that today was April Fool's Day.
I'm not interested in what others think about me.
I just got tenure.
I helped them escape.
I helped them escape.
I didn't know that Tom could swim.
I didn't know that Tom could swim.
He is listening to the news on the radio.
My mother doesn't concern herself with politics.
I never thought I would get married.
We've decided to move the meeting to next Sunday.
Fishes know how to swim.
We're having a conference.
My birthday is in July.
Would you mind if I smoked?
I want you to deliver this message to Tom.
I want you to deliver this message to Tom.
I want you to deliver this message to Tom.
I took an arrow in the knee.
They looked on me as their leader.
I think Tom is the only one here who doesn't know how to swim.
By the way, where were you last night?
By the way, where were you last night?
By the way, where were you last night?
Tom is wearing a bathrobe.
Look at this picture again.
This hill overlooks the city.
How far is Liverpool from Southampton?
In the north, there's Scotland; in the south, England; in the west, Wales; and further west, Northern Ireland.
Welsh is an official language in Wales and Chubut.
He learnt driving in Ireland.
She was struck by lightning.
He's always complaining about the food.
It wasn't fun.
Tom asked for a wake-up call.
Weather permitting, we'll leave tomorrow morning.
She remained unmarried until death.
You can't judge people by their looks.
Why don't you and I continue this discussion in private?
I am not a businessperson.
His seat in the plane was on the aisle.
Our sales are decreasing.
Ice is water in solid form.
The kid vomited.
Tom broke his glasses.
Tom is the man wearing the blue tie.
Your hat is similar to mine.
Tom drank the beer in one gulp.
Tom gave me a present.
I don't know why Tom hates me so much.
I can't understand why Tom hates me.
Now I know the reason that Tom hates me.
Nobody can replace me.
Nobody can replace me.
Your coat is very beautiful.
See you at Chizhik-Pyzhik monument.
Wake me up before you wake up.
She told him that she was leaving.
Those who were there thought it was pure gold.
I like your truck.
Tom was absent yesterday.
His bag was stolen yesterday.
They must be joking.
Your birthday is coming.
Tom is feeding the cows.
Just about.
That's extra.
I prefer that it remains that way.
I should have phoned Mike.
I should have phoned Mike.
I can hardly hear him.
After the trip, we felt very tired.
You swim much better than he does.
What crime have I committed?
This book was very useful to me.
He was arrested because he stole money.
I agree with that.
Tom likes to draw.
I have a friend whose father is a famous actor.
I have a friend whose father is a famous actor.
The cage is empty.
This happened every fall.
This happened every fall.
She's in a bad mood.
What's your favorite sport?
When did Tom break out of prison?
Tom needs to get some rest.
You have won.
I don't mind sleeping on the floor.
Many young people don't listen to radio anymore.
This electric car is powered by batteries.
I don't want to look like a tourist.
The prince asked the little girl why she was crying.
Tom is on paternity leave.
You can count on my support.
I've paid you already.
I've already paid you.
I've paid you already.
I hate doing this.
She was almost hit by a car.
That doesn't change the situation one iota.
No one has tried this before.
The train is leaving the station.
Tom feels that his work is not useful to society.
Tom fell asleep at the wheel and hit a street lamp.
Choice is a matter of taste.
Tom doesn't agree with you.
Tom doesn't agree with you.
I threw away my old pillow and bought a new one.
There's something behind us.
That's something to be proud of.
Tom is a sorcerer.
Is Mr. Smith an English teacher?
I prefer silver rings to gold ones.
Nickel is a hard, silver-white metal.
She likes fairy tales.
I prefer quail eggs.
The four Galilean moons are called: Io, Europa, Ganymede and Callisto.
Hydrogen is the lightest element.
How rich are they?
I can't pay them.
You're doing it on purpose!
The rings around Saturn are made up of dust and ice.
Whether you get married or not, you'll regret it either way.
Whether you get married or not, you'll regret it either way.
A boy is a male child.
Knock before coming in.
Knock before coming in.
You'll thank me.
You'll thank me.
Stephen Hawking was born on January 8, 1942 in Oxford, England.
I hope I haven't woken you up.
He hates raw onions.
He hates raw onions.
She hates raw onions.
She hates raw onions.
Tom hates raw onions.
We hate raw onions.
They hate raw onions.
Are you proud of me?
Are you proud of me?
How do I know who to trust?
How do I know I can trust you?
How do I know you won't steal it?
The long, hot days between the end of July and the end of August are called 'dog days'.
Is eating pork a sin?
Mr. Smith is an acquaintance of his.
There are people who don't like to go to sleep early.
Let the pigs eat that.
Mr Brown always carries a book with him.
It is rumoured that a spaceship has been seen near Shanghai.
I choose you!
I hated school.
Promise you won't tell them.
Promise you won't tell them.
Promise you won't tell him.
Promise you won't tell him.
Promise you won't tell her.
Promise you won't tell her.
Why are you at the top of the list?
I don't have time.
That's an exception.
I usually take stairs two at a time.
I think they were wrong.
I was born in the north, but now I live in Florida.
I was born in the north, but now I live in Florida.
We're all crazy.
Sit down on the bench.
Attack!
How foolish!
Get upstairs.
Sit down on the bench.
You didn't eat much lunch.
Sit down on the bench.
We have three hours to prepare for the meeting.
Everything changes after a war.
I think I still have time for another cup of coffee.
Here is the translation:
I'm going home. I've had enough of Tom.
Tom said he's had enough of that.
We have some rose bushes in front of our house.
It's your special day.
Beavers can cut down trees with their teeth.
Don't tell him that, or he'll start crying.
It's not that long a flight.
How do computers work?
This proves everything!
How do computers work?
How I hate him!
I hate him now.
I hate them now.
He gave me a big hug.
She gave me a big hug.
Take your elbows off the table.
Take your elbows off the table.
The brain has a complex structure.
Your pencil is very dark.
The others have to try and catch the murderer.
What kind of apes are those? "Those aren't apes, they're our new neighbors!"
He was thrown from the car.
Mike is proud of his father being rich.
Mike is proud of his father being rich.
Mike is proud of his father being rich.
Tom hit a deer on the highway.
Is it broken?
God, please send us the sun!
My grandson cries very loud.
Moonlight was the only illumination.
Everything is broken.
Mr. White wanted to help them.
I'm not an actor anymore.
He makes five per cent on what he sells.
So, what do you want to do tomorrow?
So, what do you want to do tomorrow?
Why worry about it?
Night is when most people go to bed.
Each state had just one vote.
Hokkaido is very cold compared with Kyushu.
I'm proud of myself.
We made sure of it.
I'm sick of you.
I've never actually seen a real cow.
I've never actually seen a real cow.
The new phone book is here!
Let's light some candles.
Tom doesn't know what to order.
Tom had never driven a truck.
I doubt his story.
Hundreds of animals were killed.
I'm afraid of flying.
Are you proud of yourself?
Are you proud of yourself?
Tom impressed me.
We're approaching the rendezvous point.
We're approaching the rendezvous point.
Do you think it impossible for the sky to turn charcoal black?
Believe in justice!
That is why so many students are absent today.
Who gave you these flowers?
Some of them were murdered by soldiers, while others died of hunger, cold or diseases.
Both of you are wrong.
Both of you are wrong.
Have another cup of coffee.
Have another cup of coffee.
The candle smells nice.
Tom couldn't wait until the weekend.
A number of passengers were injured.
Yesterday, I ate an apple.
Vasilissa was the greatest beauty in the whole village.
The wood was very dark, and she could not help trembling from fear.
The merchant's wife sent Vasilissa into the forest each day, hoping she might meet the old witch and be devoured.
I'm now retired.
Tom only gives raw meat to his cat.
Tom only gives raw meat to his cat.
Oh my God, everybody is looking at me!
Oh my God, everybody is looking at me!
This bird can fly.
I thought I could trust you.
I'm sure he'll pass the next exam.
Do you ask every new employee that question?
Did I break it?
Did I break it?
I have no time to write to her.
I have no time to write to her.
You're tough.
It is surprising how little she knows of the world.
How's business?
She married young.
She married young.
Can usernames be changed?
Can usernames be changed?
She doesn't care about money.
Passport, please.
Don't make me say it twice.
Don't make me say it twice.
Nobody wants to die.
She said, "How confident he looks!"
Many people believe that money brings happiness.
Many people believe that money brings happiness.
He has a big truck.
Tom advised me to go there.
Both Tom and Mary were absent today.
You can always ride the elevator.
Tom tried that.
I can smell the ocean.
She wanted to spend the rest of her life with him.
He came back from the States.
I'm awfully afraid of heights.
It's awfully bitter.
It's awfully bitter.
It's awfully bitter.
I hate the laws.
I hate the laws.
Get them out of my sight.
Get them out of my sight.
There was a danger of civil war.
This airplane from the 1940's still flies.
Some people like sports, and others don't.
Some people like sports, and others don't.
Everyone is very proud of you.
Everyone is very proud of you.
Everybody kept working.
We were caught in a snowstorm.
Do you think you'll need more time?
The hardest part is over now.
How dare you say such a thing!
How dare you say such a thing!
How dare you say such a thing!
How dare you say such a thing!
It's one of my favorite dishes.
She suffered from bulimia.
Tom laid his head down on the pillow.
Let's hear the other side.
You're making a huge mistake.
You love swimming.
Did you know Tom didn't like swimming?
I saw you hide it under your bed.
I want to buy this book not because it is cheap, but because it is useful.
Mike, do planes usually rock like this?
Set them free.
Set them free.
We didn't choose him.
That's just stupid.
He has an egg and is eating it.
You buy bread.
In God's eyes all men are equal.
Many people disagreed with the judge's decision.
Tom stole my watch.
That girl at the bar gave you a fake phone number, didn't she?
Andy hung his shirt up in the closet.
The matter we're discussing is interesting.
I want to eat something.
I can't say I'm terribly proud of what I did.
This happened every winter.
An old man was at rest under the tree.
You play a musical instrument, don't you?
He asked me out on a date.
He asked me out on a date.
Are you asking me out on a date?
Tom has asked me out.
Tom asked me out on a date.
Did Tom ask you on a date?
We haven't been on a date yet.
When was the last time you went on a date?
Do you think Tom would go on a date with me?
Do you think Tom would go on a date with me?
What a clever dog!
You're lucky.
He got off the train.
This is really funny.
The food is horrible.
Do you think we're blind?
Do you think we're blind?
Do you think we're blind?
Do you think we're blind?
The election was in November.
His 81-year-old grandfather is proud of him.
My neighbor called the fire department.
Do you have an elevator in your house?
I didn't notice when he left the room.
They demanded money.
It happens a lot.
Tom is going to need your help.
Man, what a loser, she thought.
Make sure Tom knows what's happened.
Why did I trust you?
Why did I trust you?
Why did I trust you?
Why did I trust you?
Do you think it's stupid?
Do you think it's stupid?
They agreed to stop using the buses.
Tom wanted Mary to cook dinner.
We didn't create it.
We didn't create it.
Stephen Hawking was born exactly 300 years after the death of Galileo.
Why do you worry so much?
He folded his arms over his chest.
I'm watching the news right now.
There's no better pillow than his chest.
I clutched her to my chest, and kissed her on her forehead.
How are the eggs?
Mike, do planes usually rock like this?
Do you know how to dance?
No longer pipe, no longer dance.
I'll gain weight again!
Tom doesn't want to spend the rest of his life in prison.
Did you kiss her?
At the border, I was asked to show my passport.
I taught my wife how to drive.
You must trust us.
Your face says that you don't agree.
Your face says that you don't agree.
I ran away from home.
I put you through to her.
I'll make you proud of me.
I'll make you proud of me.
I'll make you proud of me.
The dog fetched the stick.
I am certain that he will pass the exam.
James Bond is not an actor.
They called the same witness to court.
You don't understand how worried I was about you.
You don't understand how worried I was about you.
You don't understand how worried I was about you.
You don't understand how worried I was about you.
While listening to the radio, I fell asleep.
While listening to the radio, I fell asleep.
Did you kiss him?
We aren't at home now. Please leave a message after the beep.
Tom tried to pick up his keys with his toes.
She complains all the time.
The room was lit by candles.
I don't like him because he is sly as a fox.
Jesus died on the cross for our sins.
How was the wedding?
Tom grew up in a communist country.
Never mind what happened.
Remember what I told you.
So what finally happened?
Tom broke his leg skiing.
Tom straightened his tie.
Tom will make it on time.
I never do anything stupid.
Although we tried our best, we know we won't win.
You just need a change of scenery.
We don't have any bread left.
I forgot that Cristina read English.
I forgot that Cristina read English.
We cut trees with an axe.
We laughed like idiots.
Stop complaining about the weather.
Stop complaining about the weather.
Tom is proud of his car.
Why is the moon so big tonight?
Why is the moon so big tonight?
Tom didn't want to make the same mistake as his sister.
If you're not paying for something, you're not the customer; you're the product being sold.
If you're not paying for something, you're not the customer; you're the product being sold.
Tom is a member of my crew.
He and his friend sat on the bench.
The best way to learn to swim is to swim.
Venus does not have any naturally occurring satellites.
Is it a wolf?
You will never be alone again.
You will never be alone again.
I wanted to know where the voice was coming from.
We arrested him.
It's a red card!
They don't trust each other.
I chose him a nice tie.
I think the movie is almost over.
You do ask a lot of questions.
Do you have an elevator?
Does this building have an elevator?
I'm treated as a foreigner in Brazil.
The distance from my house to your house is two kilometers.
Did I fall asleep?
Did I fall asleep?
We must pay taxes.
Tom'll cry.
I'm armed.
I can't hear what she's saying.
Could you wake me up at seven?
Could you wake me up at seven?
You learn English.
We will take a rest soon.
Let's go find out.
I'll find out myself.
Find out what Tom knows.
We have to find out.
I walk to the house.
Which one is your jacket?
Why not give us a chance?
You may find this useful.
You really do look great.
You're joking, of course.
Do you hate it?
It is said that every week, a language goes extinct somewhere in the world.
Was last month November?
My family lived here for twenty years.
Take your dog away.
Take your dog away.
We're going to change that.
I sell cars.
We have all the evidence we need.
The evidence was in his favor.
We have all the evidence against you we need.
Get me the evidence.
Get me the evidence.
Ethanol is an alcohol.
Don't worry. We'll find them.
Don't worry. We'll find them.
Don't worry. We'll find him.
Don't worry. We'll find him.
Don't worry. We'll find her.
Don't worry. We'll find her.
I was eating an apple when Tom phoned me.
I was eating an apple when Tom phoned me.
I don't want to sell my soul.
You look like a tourist.
I need support.
The old teacher began to talk about the good old days.
It would be sad if that happened again.
The doctor told Tom to stay in bed and get as much rest as he can.
Everyone left except us.
Everyone left except them.
Everyone left except me.
Everyone left except him.
Everyone left except her.
Throughout its history, Yemen has experienced 11 civil wars.
Why are you defending them?
Why are you defending them?
Why are you defending him?
Why are you defending him?
Why are you defending her?
How do helicopters fly?
How do birds fly?
If you don't know what kind of mushroom it is, it's better not to take it.
I already ordered.
Tom wanted Mary to wait for him at the library.
I prefer working alone.
Tom didn't come to my wedding.
Sometimes the stock market goes up, and sometimes it goes down.
Different jobs require different tools.
Different jobs require different tools.
The killer was never caught.
What do firefighters do when there are no fires?
A bull is male and a cow is female.
I have bad news for her.
They can’t dance.
They can’t dance.
Give me a few minutes and I'll find out what's going on.
That's what Tom was hiding.
Tom seldom writes to his parents.
I fell asleep before the end of the movie.
I fell asleep before the end of the movie.
I'll marry you.
My cat left the house and never returned.
My cat left the house and never returned.
I want a full report before 2:30.
I don't want people to hate me.
Tom started to shoot at the police car.
I'm a good sailor.
Where did you park the truck?
I want to marry him.
This is my life and no one has the right to tell me what to do.
You will learn.
It's my job to protect you.
It's my job to protect them.
Oh, no! My passport has disappeared.
I don't want to waste my time on this.
I don't want to waste my time on this.
I'm looking for a stick.
Tom tried to warn you.
I must warn them.
I never doubted it for a moment.
You're going to need help.
How small is it?
How small is it?
I believe I can handle it from here.
I believe I can handle it from here.
I must have nodded off.
Guess who I am.
It's for tourists.
Tom is a raw vegan. He only eats raw non-animal products.
You're the most beautiful bride I've ever seen.
We've talked about this before.
We've talked about this before.
Don't make me hit you.
I'm so proud of you, Tom.
Are we allowed to use the lift?
You taught him well.
I have an account outside the country.
I went aboard.
I went aboard.
I respect you.
Neither of us wants to get married.
Don't worry. Everything's under control.
Don't worry. Everything's under control.
Don't give away all your secrets.
Don't give away all your secrets.
Don't give away all my secrets.
Don't give away all my secrets.
Just give us a chance.
It was an act of desperation.
It was an act of desperation.
It is hard to determine the distance.
It is hard to determine the distance.
Everybody hates them.
How much would you pay?
How much would you pay?
How much would you pay?
Do we have to pay?
That sounds like a threat.
What do they sell?
What are you selling?
What's Tom selling?
Who broke the chair?
Who broke the chair?
Give her a chance.
Give her a chance.
Give him a chance.
Give him a chance.
Give them a chance.
Give them a chance.
This coat is warm.
I'll take your coat.
Put your coat back on.
Tom grabbed his coat.
Tom hung up his coat.
Tom hung up his coat.
Tom had a blue coat on.
I gave my old coat to Tom.
Say hello to your father for me.
Say hello to your father for me.
I agree with what you've written.
I agree with what you've written.
I'll teach you how to write.
Much as we resemble one another, none of us are exactly alike.
How much more must we suffer?
How much more do we have to suffer?
How much does a cup of coffee cost here?
I ate her.
I ate her.
I ate her.
I ate her.
I ate him.
I ate him.
I ate him.
How much money did you make last year?
How much money did you make last year?
How much money did you make last year?
How much money did you make last year?
Excuse me, which way is the post office?
How much did you pay Tom?
How much did you pay Tom?
What did you order?
You've got a fever.
Are you unhappy?
Are you unhappy?
Are you unhappy?
You are crazy.
What are you selling?
What are you selling?
Venus has very thick, rapidly spinning clouds which cover its surface.
I'm in dire need of money.
Are they hiding something?
Try not to make any noise.
Try not to make any noise.
I think you're an idiot.
Everyone in our class passed the test.
I finally found out what was wrong with my TV.
Tom tried to impress a girl.
When did you learn to swim?
Does she have a new computer?
It's not that noticeable.
Tom doesn't like to be kept waiting.
I don't have time to help.
I don't have time to help Tom.
I don't have time to help you right now.
He's coming closer.
The train leaves at 3:00 p.m.
Don't make me go back there.
Don't make me go back there.
This gas gives off a bad smell.
Every person is special.
I'm not a coward.
Tatoeba is not a social network.
Why are we leaving?
Tom isn't a thief.
Mary was wearing men's clothing.
Tom retired when he was 65 years old.
Tom didn't want to look like a tourist.
Tom didn't want to look like a tourist.
I'm confident that I'll pass the exam.
I'm too tired to argue.
I'm not a criminal.
Tom has never trusted me.
I owe you 300 dollars.
I owe you 300 dollars.
I owe them 300 dollars.
I owe him 300 dollars.
I owe her 300 dollars.
His car soon went out of sight.
Don't be too rough on them.
Don't be too rough on them.
Don't be too rough on him.
Don't be too rough on him.
Don't be too rough on her.
Don't be too rough on her.
Laurie knows how to swim.
No Tom, I will not marry you!
What a horrible dream!
The snake shed its skin.
They hate me 'cause they ain't me!
Never have I dreamed of marrying you.
Never have I dreamed of marrying you.
The smell was unpleasant.
What's your favorite national park?
I don't want to wear this stupid dress!
It was a terrible day.
It was a terrible day.
Don't ask questions that you don't want to know the answer to.
Don't ask questions that you don't want to know the answer to.
He doesn't like eggs.
She saw him crossing the road.
He broke them.
Has he pressed the blue button?
Don't forget to call Luc.
Don't forget to call Luc.
Don't forget to call Luc.
Don't forget to call Luc.
Do you take me for an idiot?!
Do you take me for an idiot?!
Three can keep a secret, if two of them are dead.
Let's do the math.
That's how it usually happens.
Someone has to stop it.
Tom still hates me.
You already paid.
Our friendship is very important to me.
Scientists have come up with many explanations for why the sky is blue.
Thousands of other children were murdered in that war.
Thousands of other children were murdered in that war.
You've skipped too many classes.
I can teach you how to fight.
We've got no proof Tom did this.
Men fight for gold with iron.
I thought I could trust you, Tom.
I'm going to wear my blue jacket.
I'm sure Tom would appreciate it.
I wanted to make sure Tom was here.
I wouldn't miss this for the world.
Tom closed his briefcase and left.
Stop complaining and do as you're told.
Don't let Tom tell you what to do.
Tom told me to knock three times.
Tom usually sits in the back pew.
Tom ate the entire bag of nachos.
Tom ate the entire bag of nachos.
How come he hates Molly?
How much is your monthly gas bill?
He speaks as if he knew the criminal.
I don't answer the phone when I'm working.
She has a bad habit of talking a long time on the phone.
He came at dawn.
I slept till dawn.
They stayed up until dawn.
The little girl woke at dawn.
A dreamer is one who can only find his way by moonlight, and his punishment is that he sees the dawn before the rest of the world.
The dawn is breaking.
In one word, he made a lot of money.
Dan's father attended the wedding.
She advised him to become a teacher.
Are these gestures used in the USA?
That is why he wasn't present at the meeting.
I don't know the translation of the word 'oindre'.
Do they hate me?
I love him and I hate him at the same time.
No, I changed it.
He'll win.
Is this pencil red or white?
What was her reaction to the news?
These articles are not for sale.
If I'm lucky, I will arrive on time.
I hope this data will be useful to you.
She's hiding something from me.
You're hiding something from me.
You're hiding something from me.
They're hiding something from me.
I cannot breast-feed my baby. I don't have milk.
I try to read as many valuable books as I can.
All the apples disappeared.
We weren't lucky.
Did Tom steal something again?
They'll dance.
I lived in a small town.
The man dancing on the stage is my uncle.
I wanted to hug him.
I'm asking you to do this because I trust you.
This is the most wonderful present I have ever received.
The museum is open to the public.
I want a tie to go with this suit.
Do you have pencils?
Tom likes long bus rides.
You must do your duty, whether you like it or not.
How many apples do you want?
He decided to become a monk.
Have you read today's paper?
I want an apple.
Are there any bears around here?
I saw a man with a red hat.
Put the radio on, please.
Translated, "Tokyo" means "eastern capital."
When did you learn to swim?
What are the expectations?
I've lived abroad for ten years.
Good luck, Tom.
Can we trust her?
I trust you.
I trust you.
I don't understand why you're leaving.
You don't have any proof.
You don't have any proof.
You know Tom doesn't trust you.
You know Tom doesn't trust you.
How can I trust you?
How can I trust you?
Tom is watching a movie on his computer.
He changed the number plate of his vehicle.
Excuse me, but I believe you're mistaken.
I meet with him once every six months.
Let's rest for a few minutes.
Tom hates it when people keep him waiting.
The earth is far bigger than the moon.
The doctor is fighting against the disease.
The old man is blind in one eye.
Things like this don't usually happen to me.
Please pick me up at the hotel at six o'clock.
The police arrested four men.
Even if I am wrong, you are not quite right.
Just let go of the rope.
We're waiting for them to return.
Tom is working on something secret.
He leaned over her and said, "No, I'm not lying."
How much do these black pants and red shirts cost?
I've made a discovery.
I've made a discovery.
He's fighting for his life.
Why do you even care?
The moon cast a gentle light.
What are yellow cards? Do they give you points?
The ship is unsellable.
Tom did his own research.
English is used by many people.
I met my friend in the library last night.
My overcoat is light but warm.
Spring is coming.
There are too many enemies in the south.
The doctor demanded I stay in bed for a week.
She will make a business trip to London next week.
After Sunday comes Monday.
We'll hide in Egypt.
I let down the rope.
There's a great difference between a theory and an idea.
We must trust women as much as we can trust the weather.
You are now old enough to support yourself.
I want to know who paid for this.
Where are the rest of the files?
Tom hates dancing.
Let's sit down.
I have been to the post office.
I'm not worried about anything.
I'm really sorry I doubted you.
He left for London in the beginning of July.
We don't have time to help them.
I don't have time to help you.
I don't have time to help you.
I don't have time to help them.
I don't have time to help him.
I don't have time to help her.
I don't have time to help you today.
I don't have time to help you today.
I don't have time to help you now.
I don't have time to help you now.
I know you don't have time to help us.
I know you don't have time to help us.
I don't have time to help you with your homework.
I don't have time to help you with your homework.
I'm sorry, I don't have time to help you today.
I'm sorry, I don't have time to help you today.
They stayed at a very expensive hotel.
I hate this school.
Take off your hat.
Take off your hat.
Tom is proud of his son.
I agree with everything you just said.
I agree with everything you just said.
I agree with what Tom said.
Do I really look so sad?
Remember this rule.
Remember this rule.
What a beautiful rose!
How much did you pay me?
How much did you pay me?
How much did you pay them?
How much did you pay them?
How much did you pay us?
How much did you pay us?
How much did you pay him?
How much did you pay him?
How much did you pay her?
How much did you pay her?
I can't pay him.
I can't pay her.
I can't pay you today.
I can't pay you today.
I can't pay them today.
I can't pay him today.
I can't pay her today.
We didn't agree to help them.
Tom was just kidding.
Tom isn't in the mood for jokes.
Please don't make me help them.
Please don't make me help them.
Please don't make me help him.
Please don't make me help him.
We'll wait for your return.
Now I want to rest.
Have you read my report?
Have you read my report?
Have you read my report?
Have you read my report?
Tom didn't ask any questions.
Tom wanted to ask you a few questions.
Tom wanted to ask you a few questions.
I'm going to ask you a few questions.
I'm going to ask you a few questions.
Stop asking questions.
Stop asking questions.
Stop asking questions.
Don't ask me such hard questions.
Don't ask me such hard questions.
Tom asked a few questions.
Tom asked me a few questions.
I asked Tom some questions.
I asked them a few questions.
I asked him a few questions.
I asked her a few questions.
He asked me a few questions.
May I ask you a few questions?
May I ask Tom a few questions?
I don't think Tom did that on purpose.
We'll give you one more chance.
Do I really look so sad?
Tom kept on walking.
Long hair is out of fashion now.
The new engine must undergo all the necessary tests.
We'll try to do that as soon as possible.
That doesn't sound very polite.
It's time to feed the baby.
I discovered her secret.
I discovered his secret.
Tom didn't change his plans.
We're going to have to change our plans.
Don't forget that Tom is blind.
Everything is going according to plan.
Don't forget that Tom is blind.
Who wants a slice of pie?
Tom had no complaints.
Tom seems like a reliable person.
How can you trust these people?
How can you trust these people?
I still can't remember where I put my passport.
This is the murder weapon.
You spend too much time in front of your computer.
I spend too much time in front of my computer.
We must respect each of God's creatures and respect the environment in which we live.
I can't find my passport.
I can't find my passport.
I spend too much time in front of my computer.
You spend too much time in front of your computer.
You spend too much time in front of your computer.
Tom signed the papers.
I signed the wrong paper.
Have you already paid?
Have you already paid?
How much did you get paid?
How much did you get paid?
How much are you going to get paid?
How much are you going to get paid?
How much are we going to get paid?
How will I get paid?
When will I get paid?
Have you finished packing yet?
Have you finished packing yet?
You already packed the suitcases.
Where were you when the fire broke out?
Where were you when the fire broke out?
I'd better warn the others.
I can't see what the two of them are doing, but they are making a lot of noise.
Fat hens lay few eggs.
If he can do that, I will eat my hat.
They say that he knows the secret.
I was deceived by a person who I had thought was a friend of mine.
I'm not sure we're doing the right thing.
How lucky to meet you here.
We don't think there's another bomb.
They will follow you.
I saw a rabbit in the forest.
I have news about them.
I have news about him.
I have news about her.
Lightning struck the tower.
Do you want me to write it down?
Thank you for adding me to your contacts.
Have you tried telling Tom that?
I couldn't have passed the exam.
Tom stood up for what is right.
Laura is watching television news.
Snow completely covered the town.
They were listening to the radio.
Stop fussing over me. I'm fine.
You've really earned this.
They agreed to meet again the next morning.
The enemy must be defeated.
They won't be needing that.
There's a splendid park in the centre of the town.
The game will be held rain or shine.
A wonderful view, isn't it?
This looks awful.
Throw them away.
Try to understand.
Try to understand.
Wake the kids.
Wake the kids.
Why do you go to bed late?
Why do you go to bed late?
I don't worry about him.
I don't worry about her.
I never worried about them.
I never worried about him.
I never worried about her.
We don't have time to wait.
It's no crime to steal from a thief.
One of the kids broke the lock.
Their job is to close the store.
He is not good at putting his thoughts into words.
Please don't scream at me.
What game do you want to play now?
Who sent you the roses?
We were told to shoot to kill.
We'll need you in a few hours.
Who'd ever want to leave here?
Why did you ask that question?
Why don't you go and find out?
I always wanted to see that play.
I don't want to look foolish.
I don't mind if you leave.
I suggest you get started.
I don't have time to cook.
I have no time to write.
I don't have time to explain.
I don't even have time to read.
I don't have time to talk now.
I don't have time to argue with you.
I don't have time to argue with you.
I don't have time to explain it now.
I don't have time to answer any questions.
I don't have time to help you right now.
Don't you have anything better to do with your time?
I don't have time to talk to you now.
I don't have time to talk to you now.
I don't have time to be bothered by such small things.
You must clear the table.
Don't let Tom escape.
She's beautiful, that's true—but once she opens her mouth, you'll only want to get away!
Someone stole her money.
I'm going to find and burn your fucking children!
He has rough manners.
I was wrong about that.
I think you're wrong about that.
I think you're wrong about that.
You're going to win today.
None of us plan to go swimming today.
The poor old woman was robbed of her money.
I really want to kiss you again.
I recommend that you don't do that again.
A pine stands in front of his house.
It was silly of you to trust them.
You may kiss me if you want to.
Why don't we just sit and rest a while?
If you don't want to kiss your grandmother, you don't have to.
I said it was an accident.
I said it was an accident.
Tell us about your trip.
Tell us about your trip.
Tell them about your trip.
Tell them about your trip.
Tell him about your trip.
Tell him about your trip.
Tell her about your trip.
Tell her about your trip.
Tom tried to go back to sleep.
Tom has put his house up for sale.
Tom looked at the readout.
Tom looks extremely happy.
The news confirmed my suspicions.
This is proof that you're the murderer.
Tom drives a Toyota.
I got thirsty.
She taught me how to drive.
She taught me how to drive.
Where will you be on January 1st, 2016?
She's spending too much time on the computer.
They said they would not fight.
This is my dream job.
There used to be a post office on the corner.
His house is beyond the hill.
He put on clean trousers.
Computers didn't yet exist around that time.
Is that scientifically proven?
Tom tried to impress the young lady.
What do you think I should wear on my date tomorrow?
The weather is bad and it's the day before payday, so I won't go out today.
How old were you when you left Australia?
Doesn't that smell fantastic? "Yeah!"
He always makes sure to come on time.
The bird's feathers were all of pure gold.
Please accept this little gift.
The train leaves at 6 o'clock.
Don't make the same mistake twice.
She could not find her way back.
What did you find out?
What did you find out?
Tom was wrong about that.
That tie looks good on you.
That tie looks good on you.
I am not wearing any underwear.
I don't like when mothers yell at children.
Tone of voice can indicate feelings.
The weather is really great!
The weather is really great!
Luckily, I was wrong.
He pressed me against the wall.
Tom pushed the button and waited.
Old habits are hard to break.
I hate myself for hating Tom.
I hated that movie.
Tom hates onions.
I really hate it.
I just hate them.
I hate that word.
How did you get hurt so badly?
I'm sure you are wrong.
Tom can barely swim.
I think about that every single day.
I think I've broken my arm.
I think I've made a mistake.
They released a new album.
This is my favorite song on the album.
Does that mean you agree?
Does that mean you agree?
His music made a deep impression on me.
Jail is a very harsh punitive measure.
Tom switched the computer on.
Winter is approaching.
You're horrible.
You're horrible.
I want justice.
He has no servants at all.
Tom carefully opened the lid.
Do you have today's paper?
Hey, give that back to me.
Tom impersonated a doctor.
We gave them some apples.
Few people are able to understand his theories.
Have you put on weight?
Have you put on weight?
How did the fire start?
Do me a favor, will you?
Do me a favor, will you?
Did you eat all the bread?
Did you eat all the bread?
Am I supposed to eat this?
We're not killers.
We're leaving tonight.
We're leaving tomorrow.
We're going upstairs.
We're going south.
We're leaving.
We're both single.
We're both single.
We're all witnesses.
We're very lonely.
We're not leaving.
We're not kidding.
It's the right time.
You must put on your overcoat.
Can you make out what he is trying to say?
I have never felt so stupid.
Is this a test?
I wonder whether Tom will pass his test.
It is John's apple.
He gave a series of lectures on Japanese literature at UCLA.
The police have surrounded the building.
That exact same thing happened to a good friend of mine.
Police arrested one man.
I'm trying to figure out where we met before.
I'll make an exception in your case.
Tom thinks you're doing it on purpose.
You're a nice boy.
Your grades are better than mine.
Your grades are better than mine.
Tom considers himself a worthy candidate.
I have some good news for you.
He is twelve years old. He is tall for his age.
Do you think you're modest?
Don't be afraid of speaking in public.
I'll bring you another cup of coffee.
The train arrived on time, so we didn't have to wait at all.
Tom has put his car up for sale.
He did it not once, but twice.
Don't worry, you are safe.
I'll try to control myself.
The problem has arisen simply because you didn't follow my instructions.
I don't like to drink water with ice.
Tom was in a car accident.
I'd be worried if I were you.
I ordered the children to stay quiet, but they kept on making noise.
I ate everything on the plate.
I can predict how Tom will behave.
I saw a man get arrested by the police a few minutes ago.
Do you think they suspect me?
Do you think they suspect me?
I haven't heard from him since last June.
Tom sighed with relief.
This is such a relief.
I've always wanted to kiss you.
Tom will continue.
Tom will confirm that.
Tom is going to need help.
You're making too much noise.
Can I at least give you a hug?
I don't remember inviting you.
Tom told you the wrong price.
I didn't give Tom a choice.
Were you worried about me?
What are their weaknesses?
We haven't tried that yet.
Tom said that Mike likes you.
Tom is very proud of both his son and his daughter.
Tom isn't interested in politics at all.
It's on your desk.
It's on your desk.
It's on your desk.
It's on your desk.
Tom did a very stupid thing.
Tom needs your help.
Tom needs your help.
I'm wasting my time.
You are supposed to hand in the homework by the end of the week.
The thief vanished.
We are getting off at the next station.
This TV supports 1080p.
I fell asleep in the middle of the lecture.
Don't hit the wrong button.
Dreaming of lightning is a bad omen.
It's important for young people to study English.
I've got really good news.
She looked at me and laughed.
Oh my God! It's on fire!
Oh my God! It's on fire!
Oh my God! It's on fire!
I was in my bedroom.
My house is near the post office.
Mr. Smith always begins his lectures with a joke.
Do you think he still reads my messages?
Do you think she still reads my messages?
Tom got out of his car and closed the door.
Do you think she still reads my messages?
The doctor advised me not to drink too much.
Tom is wearing his coat.
Tell Tom we're going to need more time.
I'm responsible for what my son has done.
The student ordered the book from New York.
I think you had better take a rest.
He was crossing the street.
I'm no longer your assistant.
I'm not willing to risk that.
You've got to stop this now.
Nobody trusts Tom anymore.
One of the guards is dead.
Tom told me that he wouldn't be able to be at the meeting.
Luke has short hair.
I'm leaving for Canada tomorrow.
Tom skipped French class yesterday.
Did you do yesterday's homework?
I'd think twice about this.
I'd think twice about this.
I'd think twice about this.
Tom is the owner of the company.
Father told me that World War II ended in 1945.
Tell Tom how important the meeting is.
Tell Tom how important the meeting is.
Richard said his mother was ill, which is a lie.
I'll change my shirt.
He studies history at college.
Stop thief!
Cold coffee is horrible!
She has a talent for dance.
Defrost the meat before cooking it.
I just vomited.
He is my only passion in life.
We are assembling the engine.
The train has just arrived here.
How amazing that your mother speaks six languages!
What do you prefer?
It was pretty dark.
I wish I hadn't kissed him.
I wish I hadn't kissed him.
Tom deceived Mary.
Tom hates Halloween.
If I can't trust you, who can I trust?
It is high time you started a new business.
I have the key of Paradise.
The train had already left when I got to the station.
The train had already left when I got to the station.
Do you want me to teach you?
This book may well be useful to you.
Five years is too long to wait.
We talked about time zones.
Here is your share of the cake.
Tom is unimaginative.
They need me.
I am in the music club.
What kind of costume are you planning on wearing to the Halloween party?
Let's get you to the hospital.
Beijing is changing so rapidly.
Tom doesn't live too far from the station.
Nobody asked me to dance.
Tell them we're looking for a bomb.
Tell them we're looking for a bomb.
Don't tell me it's for my own good.
Don't tell me it's for my own good.
They hate Halloween.
Our teacher gives us a lot of homework.
Our teacher gives us a lot of homework.
I'll go tell Tom the good news.
I don't feel like I can trust what he says.
Please answer me by telegram.
I disagree with you on this.
I asked her a difficult question.
I hate myself for hating her.
He studies French and web design.
Tell me the details.
I didn't ask him any questions.
That is an excellent idea!
I don't want him to get into trouble.
I don't want her to get into trouble.
We have to protect our children.
She had to give up her dream.
He had to give up his dream after his accident.
The workers receive their wages every Friday.
The judge gave the woman a three year sentence.
Lincoln won the election.
I don't want to be rude.
I don't want to be rude.
Tom was a sailor.
Keep quiet!
It's an apple and it's on the table.
Tom fell asleep sitting up in the chair.
Thank goodness that's over.
Generally speaking, there is little rain here in June.
Tom won't win.
I hate doing this.
Tom almost hit me.
We studied French.
Tom will need that.
Tom is often wrong.
The price of eggs is going up.
Will you leave a message?
Tom is bothering me.
Tom is a great cook.
Tom is a good actor.
In the north, it's cold in winter.
Where are our coats?
How deep?
He came half an hour late.
Tom won't need it.
Tom won't need it.
Tom won't need it.
I don't know which of you is crazier.
Is this something special?
He has to maintain a large family on a small salary.
Here's my card.
My aunt lived a happy life.
I learned to cook from my mother.
I learned to cook from my mother.
I learned to cook from my mother.
The sound woke me up.
I want a cup of cold black tea.
Tom did a bad job.
Tom did good work.
Tom did just fine.
I'll try to change.
Tom acted foolishly.
Tom can't defeat me.
Tom can't drive yet.
Let's go to the park.
Let's go to the park.
Let's go to the park.
I wish I could drive.
I wish I could drive.
I hope Tom trusts me.
Tom swims quite fast.
Tom has already paid.
I seldom hear from him.
A fire may happen at any moment.
I'm not here to fight.
I'm not here to fight.
We asked Tom some questions.
We trusted each other.
Tom could be mistaken.
Don't let the dog out.
Don't let the dog out.
When you are in trouble, you can count on me.
I hope Tom was kidding.
How can we change that?
Do you still trust Tom?
Do you still trust Tom?
Tom could've warned me.
Tom could've warned me.
Tom is a terrible cook.
Tom complains too much.
I'm blind, not deaf.
You're the only one I can trust.
You're the only person that I can trust.
You're the only person that I can trust.
We want to change that.
Tom will need our help.
We have to change that.
Tom doesn't impress me.
Do you want to continue?
Do you want to continue?
The ship changed course.
Tom can drive, can't he?
Tom ate more than I did.
Tom ate more than I did.
This can't last forever.
Tom has always hated me.
Tom didn't have to hide.
Tom didn't deserve that.
Can art change the world?
Tom arrived just in time.
This is a wonderful book.
This is a wonderful book.
This has changed my life.
Tom doesn't have to hide.
Tom didn't have to leave.
Tom didn't have to leave.
Tom hopes to change that.
Tom hasn't been paid yet.
Tom is a horrible person.
Tom isn't serious, is he?
Don't let Tom fall asleep.
Don't be afraid of change.
Don't be afraid of change.
Can I leave Tom a message?
I don't want Tom to worry.
I'm not going to complain.
I urgently need your help.
I urgently need your help.
Tom doesn't like swimming.
Tom has committed a crime.
What crime did Tom commit?
What crime did Tom commit?
We'll be back before dark.
I saw Tom hiding his money.
The window is still broken.
This will change your life.
This will change your life.
Tom has nowhere left to go.
Who cares what it's called?
I prefer drinking coffee to drinking tea.
Tatoeba is not a social network.
All men have equal rights.
What crime did they commit?
Could Tom have changed this?
I am not interested in politics.
People are afraid of change.
It's already out of control.
Is your blood pressure high?
Tell Tom to quit doing that.
Sales will continue to grow.
The audience began to laugh.
The audience began to laugh.
The audience began to laugh.
That's none of your concern.
Don't worry about what you've done.
I'm going to make you a drink.
I play sports every day.
Tom will want to know you're here.
Tom is acting like an idiot.
I practice sports.
Tom has nothing to hide.
Tom had prepared his answer.
We believe Tom was murdered.
Who cares whose fault it is?
Who cares whose fault it is?
I'm pretty sure Tom can swim.
I'm starting to learn French.
He's aware of his own faults.
Please teach me how to play this game.
Please teach me how to play this game.
Tom doesn't think he can win.
Tom lost his reading glasses.
Tom is going to pay for this.
We can't ignore this anymore.
I'll drive.
I'm blind.
I burned it.
I burned it.
I burned it.
I burned it.
Why are you hiding from us?
How did your friendship begin?
Don't let Tom jump on the bed.
Don't let Tom jump on the bed.
Don't let Tom jump on the bed.
I saw where Tom hid his money.
I lived there for three years.
More than 300 people attended.
Tom refused medical attention.
I asked her to sign the papers.
I asked him to sign the papers.
I asked them to sign the papers.
He'd been in Kyoto twice.
I thought you'd want to see this.
Swimming isn't allowed here.
Don't count on Tom to help you.
Don't count on Tom to help you.
Tom didn't attend that meeting.
Tom didn't attend that meeting.
Should I close?
I said stop.
I came to Japan for the first time.
I came to Japan for the first time.
Tom is proud of his children.
I hate people.
I study French.
I'm heartbroken.
Tom didn't know how bad it was.
Don't let Tom touch my computer.
Tom means exactly the opposite of what he's saying.
Say it clearly in a loud voice.
I hate to be alone at home on the weekends.
I doubt that Tom is happy with his new job.
He was excluded from the society.
He was excluded from the society.
Construction started in October.
Nobody cares about our problems.
Nobody cares about my situation.
You didn't give us much choice.
You didn't give us much choice.
My blood pressure is quite high.
The audience burst out laughing.
Tom can't be at today's meeting.
Tom can't be at today's meeting.
Tom must be on cloud nine.
Tom says he can't trust anybody.
Tom rarely talks about his work.
What are they complaining about?
It cost me three hundred dollars.
Tom listened to the sound of the waves crashing on the beach.
Tom listened to the sound of the ocean.
We listened to the ocean.
Did he kiss you? "No, I kissed him!"
When was the last time you kissed your wife?
We've been living here since January.
I accept that challenge.
If the weather permits, they will go and pick mushrooms in the woods.
Tom can't swim very well, can he?
Tom is doing his French homework.
Tom hasn't left the building yet.
Do you know why no one trusts Tom?
Do you know why no one trusts Tom?
Tom doesn't live far from where he works.
I remember every detail.
Did the test results shock you?
Tom is an excellent father.
If you don't remind me, I'll probably forget.
That's a secret. I can't tell you.
Try breathing through your mouth.
Try breathing through your mouth.
I'm sure Tom is very proud of you.
I'm sure Tom is very proud of you.
That's a secret I can't tell you.
That's a secret I can't tell you.
Things are changing quite rapidly.
Tom got tired of waiting, so he left.
I read your report.
I read your report.
I'm so embarrassed.
Tom will want to read this report.
Tom didn't complain about anything.
Tom asked me a couple of questions.
Tom is the man wearing the red tie.
Tom got paid more than he expected.
Tom never complains about anything.
Why don't you want to learn French?
Why did you decide to learn French?
Why did you decide to learn French?
Why don't you want to learn French?
You could feel the tension in the air.
I started studying French last year.
The weather here can change quickly.
The police believe Tom was murdered.
If I were you, I wouldn't trust Tom.
I wouldn't mind if Tom did that.
I've cooked you a nice hot dinner.
Have you got a light?
Could you please make room for me?
Do you prefer a male or female doctor?
I can barely hear you.
You can never win.
Tom ate a lot of ice cream.
I don't want you touching my stuff.
I must find out who did this.
I must find out who is behind this.
I need a police car.
I must find out who broke this.
Tom is starting to get on my nerves.
The picture was wonderful.
The picture was wonderful.
I won't be able to attend.
Construction should start in October.
I used to swim a lot when I was a kid.
We chose her to be our leader.
I had a tooth pulled out last week.
I work in telecommunications.
That's what makes the difference.
And that is where the difference lies.
I think the socialist party will win.
Tom pulled a muscle.
You can't force me to marry you.
She has lived there for seven years.
Without a passport, leaving a country is out of the question.
I got the impression that he had a lof of money.
I saw the house struck by lightning.
Is it necessary to make so much noise?
She got what she deserved.
The meeting is taking place next Sunday.
Hey, what are you doing here?
Hey, what are you doing here?
Hey, what are you doing here?
Hey, what are you doing here?
Oh, don't worry.
Tom hated himself.
Get off at the next stop.
Here's your confession. "I'm not signing that."
That amount of food will last them for a week.
Why do I have to leave?
Why does Tom have to leave?
Did you know that Tom is blind in one eye?
Why aren't you dancing?
Why aren't you dancing?
Don't touch me.
Please remind me to call Tom at 2:30.
Please remind me to call Tom at 2:30.
I've just come back from a long trip.
Tom didn't know which button to push.
I haven't tried.
I didn't pay.
I'll sign it.
I'll sign it.
I'll sign it.
A key is lying on the writing-table.
I need help translating this document into French.
I wanted to pay.
I do not agree with you.
I'm proud of my daughter.
I don't want to go to class!
Did you give him my message?
The fact that I usually go to bed after three in the morning shows that, with all my heart, I live in London's timezone.
Not all birds can fly.
They didn't give me my passport back.
You can't say that word in my country!
Tom forgot to do his French homework.
Tom doesn't use a computer every day.
One of the coat's sleeves is shorter than the other.
The magazine acquired a lot of readers this year.
Don't you get lonely?
What various meanings can you find for the word "satellite"?
I have a secret dream.
The news was very surprising to her.
His lecture was very instructive as usual.
She went to Italy in order to study literature.
Your French has improved considerably.
Make sure you don't do anything stupid.
Make sure you don't do anything stupid.
I don't think Tom has broken any rules.
Tom always complains about the weather.
That's a good choice.
How you can be so blind?
Everyone wants to go to heaven, but nobody wants to die.
Everybody is very busy getting ready for the New Year.
The concert's over.
I want to pick out a present for my friend.
It seems that she is not pleased with the job.
I want some potatoes. Do you have any?
Tom abandoned the hope of becoming an actor.
The train departs at 7:15 a.m.
I tried to write down everything he said.
What's the difference between a dog and a wolf?
She managed to learn to drive a car.
Did you tell them you were joking?
Did you tell them you were joking?
Did you tell him you were joking?
Did you tell him you were joking?
Did you tell him I was joking?
Did you tell him I was joking?
Did you tell her you were joking?
Did you tell her you were joking?
Did you tell her I was joking?
Did you tell her I was joking?
Can you touch the ceiling?
Can you touch the ceiling?
Tom caught a mouse.
The boy was holding a mouse by the tail.
I didn't believe Tom at first.
Tom decided to become a monk.
Did you give Tom my message?
This is a picture of the happy couple on their wedding day.
Can you teach me how to fight?
Pass me the potatoes.
Pass me the potatoes.
I hate them all.
This is a great place.
Do you ever rest?
Do you ever rest?
Tom is an excellent driver.
I want eggs for breakfast tomorrow morning.
This is the new model.
I'm supporting you.
She used to hate him.
We all have our orders.
I can hold my breath for quite a long time.
Why? What's the difference?
You have been chosen.
You have been chosen.
His death is a great loss.
I didn't get the book.
Tom has a lot of hard work ahead of him.
Don't you agree to this plan?
Tom wants to be a professional musician.
Did you kiss her? "Yes, I kissed her."
Did you kiss him? "Yes, I kissed him."
Tom hasn't complained about anything yet.
He underwent brain surgery.
I've never seen the Eiffel Tower.
Enough arguing!
He usually comes in time.
My father used to bring me here when I was a kid.
A big bomb fell, and a great many people lost their lives.
I am studying English now.
Tom says his blood pressure is very high.
You're credible.
They are making preparations for the trip.
Is there much sugar in the jar?
How old were you when you learned to swim?
We should call off the search.
Let's find out where Tom lives.
I started learning French three years ago.
Tom didn't warn me that this might happen.
Tom isn't likely to notice the difference.
Tell them not to leave without me.
Tell them not to leave without me.
I gave Tom a baseball cap for his birthday.
Tom didn't warn me about what might happen.
The cat is sitting on the desk.
I don't doubt that Tom will arrive on time.
Tom doesn't have the qualities of a good leader.
I didn't know Tom could play the trombone so well.
You're a good assistant, Tom.
You were great.
I'm interested in that house you've got for rent on Park Street.
Tom went to the counter and bought us both a drink.
Tom didn't tell me he didn't know how to swim.
Tom was a pretty good singer when he was young.
There's a cat on the desk.
It wasn't me who started the fight.
I felt very sad when I heard the news.
He made an important discovery.
We have to find out who did this.
We had a chance.
Tell Tom I won't need his help.
I can teach you how to dance.
I didn't order it.
Tom has something to hide.
The sum of 12, 24, 7 and 11 is 54.
Were you the one who advised Tom to go to the police?
Is the park open today?
Is the park open today?
Can you advise me?
Can you advise me?
I don't have any furniture.
He put some sugar and milk in his tea.
The coffin was empty.
The coffin was empty.
Prince Charles will be the next king of England.
I never dreamed so many people would come to my concert.
It's time for you to go to bed.
I ate the cheese.
I ate the cheese.
Tom wanted to ask a question, but thought that he shouldn't.
Tom drinks coffee to stay awake when he's studying at night.
Where's your bedroom?
Where's your bedroom?
She named her dog Rex.
He named his dog Rex.
Tom left at four in the morning.
It was just an experiment.
It was just an experiment.
This is gold.
This is a great question.
This room has a balcony.
I invite him to the cinema.
I wouldn't miss your concert for anything.
I wouldn't miss your wedding for anything.
I wouldn't miss your wedding for anything.
I fell asleep on the train.
I fell asleep in class yesterday.
I don't have an explanation.
There's only one place Tom is likely to hide.
Both of my parents are musicians.
It's a tradition.
It's a sad story.
There's no time for explanations.
They're discussing their next project.
We're out of wine.
All three of us agree.
Power? Money? Everything seems so ridiculous now!
Tom has nothing to complain about.
He let her kiss him.
She let him kiss her.
He cheated on my mother.
He lives like a monk.
I'll never forget our first date.
The house looked good; moreover, the price was right.
I agree with you, Tom.
I fully agree with you.
Are we on time?
I advise you not to go.
Tom broke something again?
Who else agrees with me?
We knew that in advance.
I want to study Dutch.
All the apples are here.
I disagree with you, Tom.
I want to make sure I understand what you're saying.
Describe him.
Describe him.
Milk comes from cows.
It's a small town. Everyone knows everyone.
I'm sure my passport is in this room somewhere.
God, I hate my job.
I don't want to force you to go.
They're going to arrest you.
They're going to arrest you.
If I am not mistaken.
Oh, that. That explains it.
Tom immediately fell asleep.
Tom asked a lot of questions.
Tom asks a lot of questions.
OK, let's assume you're right.
Not everyone agrees with that.
Can we change history?
Can we change history?
I am a dog person.
Will you show me your album?
I never doubted you.
Tom looked into the cellar.
I think Tom is lonely.
Tom tried to kiss me, but I didn't let him.
Tom tried to kiss me, but I didn't let him.
I had never been kissed like that before.
Tom is the one who doesn't understand.
There was always too much superfluous writing in his essays.
You are the next in line for promotion.
You've got to learn to hold your tongue.
You must go through with your plan.
I have a feeling that we may win.
I can handle this on my own.
I hope you can buy us some more time.
I didn't ask Tom that question.
I didn't ask Tom that question.
Keep the engine running. I'll be right back.
Tom gave no additional details.
Let's get back to the ship.
Tom remains under house arrest.
Tom has willingly done everything we've asked him to do.
Put down your name on the list and pass it on to the next person.
My longing for you is killing me!
This is the first time I've ever jumped from a train.
This is the first time I've ever jumped from a train.
There are some exceptions.
I'm at the end of my rope.
Thanks in advance for your help.
Thanks in advance for your help.
Tom refused to answer questions.
This isn't your hat, is it?
Who drives better, your father or your mother?
The enemy is approaching rapidly.
It staggered me!
Our fence is made of iron.
She is by no means stupid.
He stopped to put on his shoes.
You warned us.
The man robbed her bag.
They asked us a million questions.
I don't think Tom is going to need our help.
It's a difficult choice.
Not everyone is as nice as you.
These pictures are amazing.
My friend is completely crazy. Don't pay attention to him.
This fabric is impermeable to water.
Studying a foreign language is hard.
I got expelled.
Put on the hat.
Put on the hat.
How many people came to your concert?
The truth is that he didn't write a letter to her.
When did man start to use tools?
He leaves for school at seven.
Was anyone injured?
She wrote to him to tell him how wonderful he was.
I'm out of ammo.
We cooked dinner for them.
We cooked dinner for them.
I cooked dinner for you.
I cooked dinner for you.
I cooked dinner for you.
I cooked dinner for you.
I cooked dinner for them.
I cooked dinner for them.
I cooked dinner for him.
I cooked dinner for her.
We've already discussed that.
I'd like to buy this computer.
The news moved him deeply.
The news moved him deeply.
I think we're out of danger.
Please do exactly as I say.
Tom is fighting for his life.
She advised him to stop taking that medicine.
Tom is on the night shift this week.
They studied the map to find a short cut.
Tell me more about your trip.
We had lived in Osaka for ten years before we came to Tokyo.
I don't think that'll be necessary.
They had a pillow fight.
Luck's on my side today.
It was Tom who taught me how to do this.
It was Tom who taught me how to do this.
Tom is busy with his research.
Is there any chance that Tom will agree?
I know how to cook dinner.
Don't let him run.
You don't mean that, I'm sure.
I shouldn't have asked Tom that question.
I shouldn't have asked Tom that question.
John passed the examination.
We read the full text of his speech.
Arriving at the station, I found the train had already left.
Tom ran like crazy to catch the last train.
Tom wasn't crazy.
You don't want Tom to think you're insane.
You don't want Tom to think you're insane.
You don't want Tom to think you're insane.
I completely agree with what you're saying.
I completely agree with what you're saying.
Tom doesn't understand how to use a computer.
Tom put the rifle away.
Tom annoyed me with a lot of questions.
I'll deal with it later.
I will testify.
I think that Tom is hiding something.
We'll try to answer all those questions later.
I heard explosions.
Just as we are talking, there was a loud explosion.
Do you agree with me?
Do you agree with me?
Do you agree with me?
Do you agree with me?
I'd like to eat something.
Do you really want to spend the rest of your life in prison?
Do you really want to spend the rest of your life in prison?
I suggest you listen carefully.
I'm facing prison.
I'm very unhappy here.
Tom told me why he wanted to study French.
I don't agree with you at all.
Are the elevators working?
We have won again.
Tom may still win.
We can win.
Tom may still win.
My dog eats just about anything.
Tom didn't even try to escape.
We want to win.
We want to win.
Tom wanted to win.
Tom wanted to win.
Tom wants to win.
Tom wants to win.
Everybody wants to win.
Everybody wants to win.
Why are you sad?
I go to the library at least once a week.
Times were hard.
Is time travel possible?
Is now an appropriate time?
You can't change her.
You can't change her.
You can't change him.
You can't change him.
You can't change them.
You can't change them.
You can't change her.
You can't change her.
You can't change him.
You can't change him.
You can't change them.
You can't change them.
We didn't choose her.
We didn't choose them.
Where is your tie?
Teach us something new.
Teach us something new.
They talk too much.
It's high time you took a vacation.
It's high time you took a vacation.
The soldiers surrounded the village.
We supported each other.
We must stop this.
How old were you when you started studying French?
How old were you when you started studying French?
I own this place.
What's that awful smell?
Tom rarely smiles.
Tom rarely smiled.
Tom has broken something again.
We have strict rules.
Has Tom broken something again?
You must not discuss this matter with anyone.
What a beautiful sunrise it is!
You sound crazy.
You sound crazy.
I wish you a good trip.
Tom was a stowaway on a ship.
She doesn't hate you, Tom.
I can't decide what to order.
She obviously hates me.
He hates me. And I hate him!
I listened to the radio while I worked.
I could only shake my head.
If you're tired, rest.
If you're tired, rest.
Rest is important.
They respect one another.
I'd like to dedicate this song to my mother.
Write your goals down on a sheet of paper.
You must not discuss this with anyone.
You must not discuss this with anyone.
You must not discuss this with anyone.
You shouldn't trust that man.
You shouldn't trust that man.
You shouldn't trust that man.
You shouldn't trust that man.
I'd like you to have a blood test.
I'd like you to have a blood test.
The moon's so bright.
Father put up the house for sale.
I see no other possible explanation.
Compared with America or China, Japan is a small country.
It seems reasonable.
We received some sad news today.
We received some bad news today.
The reasons are understandable.
The question is understandable.
Your anger is understandable.
Your anger is understandable.
Is that reasonable behavior?
Tom promised to return.
No one questioned anything.
History has proven that.
Tom rarely wears dark colors.
Tom is going to need my help.
Tom is going to do just fine.
This time could be different.
Prices are reasonable.
Tom is in the kitchen preparing breakfast.
Most of the participants are from Australia.
Is this translation correct?
No one objected.
The poor peasants ate potatoes.
Not everyone's the same.
Not everyone's the same.
She stopped talking.
She is as busy as a bee.
For children, this world is full of wonders and miracles.
The man tries the coffee.
I will meet you at the station at 10 p.m.
Stock prices dropped.
Now I seldom go to the movies.
He ditched the car in an alley and took off running.
I'm not happy about this.
She was hit by a car while she was crossing the street.
The villagers were afraid of the famished bears.
Did you win the case?
We need justice.
I'm working for a trading firm.
What'll you need?
What'll you need?
They need our support.
You need their support.
You need their support.
We need their support.
Tom will need surgery.
Tom opens the gate every morning at 8:00.
I ate them all.
I just want to ask you a question.
I just want to ask you a question.
We'll need your support.
We'll need your support.
I will call you without fail.
Maybe Tom was mistaken.
What a terrible mistake!
Why do bad things happen to good people?
He stood in the middle of the room.
The meeting has been postponed.
The meeting has been postponed.
I just wanted to make sure you knew what to do.
Why are you making me suffer this much?
Unsaturated fats are essential to a healthy diet.
Find someone who respects you.
My two-year-old won't eat some of the healthy food I've been trying to feed him.
School uniforms are just out of fashion.
I like my coffee dark and strong.
Tom asked me some questions about my job.
I ate them all.
They told me that the cemetery is in terrible condition.
Without his help, you'd have failed.
Without his help, you'd have failed.
Without his help, you'd have failed.
Tom fell asleep on guard duty.
No sooner had he said it than he was sorry.
Tom retired at sixty.
Tom doesn't like to fly.
My grandfather no longer drives.
What else did you throw away?
What else did you throw away?
Tom wrote down all the details.
Tom couldn't start the motor.
Did you give Tom my message?
Tom complains all the time.
Tom complains all the time.
Tom ate a piece of the pie.
Tom can touch the ceiling.
How's the exam?
The wait was too long.
It tastes like sugar.
Some men treat women like property.
Tom let the bird out of its cage.
Isaac Newton was born on December 25, 1642.
They leave tomorrow.
Today my mother died. That's how the book The Stranger, by Albert Camus, begins.
Tom knows the difference.
Tom knows the difference.
Its origin remains unknown.
Its origin remains unknown.
Three were killed.
Both policemen were killed.
We're extremely busy.
One civilian was killed.
One civilian was killed.
All three were killed.
One man was killed.
One man was killed.
They were professional killers.
He was killed in the explosion.
He was killed in the explosion.
He was killed in the explosion.
I can't wait to be married.
I can't wait to be married.
I just want tonight to be special.
I don't know what else there is to discuss.
I don't know what else there is to discuss.
The dish smells good.
The stomach pains are gone.
Nobody studies my country.
One has to protect his family.
Three-quarters of the work was finished.
We chose a hotel near the museums.
I am inclined to follow his advice.
I know that you hate your job.
I know that you hate your job.
If he tried hard, he would succeed.
We're going to need your help, aren't we?
We're going to need your help, aren't we?
We're going to need your help, aren't we?
We're going to need your help, aren't we?
Tom lacks imagination.
When people are killed, they die.
Hey, wait a minute, are you thinking what I'm thinking?
He would be very glad to hear the news.
I saw the teacher walk across the street.
I saw the teacher walk across the street.
Breakfast is served.
Luck plays an important part in life.
Dan wants me to stop writing.
I want to win.
I want to win.
Mr. Smith lives in Kyoto now.
But have you received the messages?
In addition to being a doctor, he is a writer.
Please book me a room in a first-class hotel.
You can't run away from me now.
The company couldn't fill my order.
Please send this by sea mail.
She didn't pay me the money.
He went home as soon as he got the phone call.
One night he came home very tired and sad.
He will make a business trip to London next week.
He was told to get off at the station.
When does the performance begin?
Put two lumps in my tea, please.
It's unclear if they love each other or not.
I trust Tom.
What'll I need?
Tom woke me up.
Are rabbits able to swim?
Tom was always in charge.
Are you going to eat that bread?
Are you going to eat that bread?
I have gray hair.
I have gray hair.
I suffered a lot.
I wish them luck.
Tom stole my heart.
I need your support.
I need your support.
I think they'll win.
I think they'll win.
My goals are modest.
My father warned me.
I worried, of course.
I was extremely lucky.
I worried, of course.
Tom invited me inside.
I respect your decision.
I respect your decision.
I haven't learned much yet.
Where are my grandchildren?
I've already read this report.
He is the proper person for the job.
There will be consequences.
Try to be a bit more modest.
Try to be a bit more modest.
I saw her coming across the street.
My parents should be proud of me.
I agree with his idea.
Don't be so ridiculous.
I promise you that I'll be there on time.
I promise you that I'll be there on time.
Tom tried to warn you that this would happen.
Tom was the one who recommended this restaurant to me.
I have no doubt about that.
We got it thanks to her.
Tom is my personal assistant.
I wonder how many horses died during the Civil War.
Tom admitted that he had committed the crime.
The building is under construction.
I ran as fast as possible to catch up with her.
He likes this concert.
The ship leaves for Honolulu tomorrow.
Why don't you give your mouth a rest?
I'll tell you all the details later.
I stretched out my legs.
Please take off your hat.
If it had not been for your help, I would have failed.
First find out her name and address.
Except for that, you didn't have any choice.
The holiday ended all too soon.
The holiday ended all too soon.
The boy kissed the girl.
I hope we win.
I hope we win.
I hope I win.
I hope Tom will be on time.
Tom knew he'd just made a big mistake.
Talking of Mr White, where is he living now?
Tom took a book out of his briefcase.
I can endorse that.
Always keep a bucket of water handy, in case of fire.
She bent forward.
She went upstairs.
She guessed.
She altered her plans.
She never married.
Do you have a passport?
The dog is bleeding.
Everybody has something to hide.
They needed help.
Tom must be hiding something.
Tom must be hiding something.
Might I ask you a personal question?
What did Tom eat?
I heard three explosions.
I heard three explosions.
Those things happen.
Do you want sugar in your coffee?
Tom lives an active life.
Didn't I warn you about him?
Didn't I warn you about him?
This rarely happens.
Cats can't learn to speak.
Unfortunately, that hasn't happened.
Unfortunately, that hasn't happened.
Tom went to Paris to study French.
Give him a hug.
Give him a hug.
Give her a hug.
She came with good news.
Try pushing the other button.
She is interested in music.
She is great at skiing.
There is a great difference between boys and girls.
Does she have a passport?
Does he have a passport?
Could you send me a picture of you?
How many cars were involved in the accident?
Old people often talk to themselves.
You really are an idiot.
I must return some books to the library.
Tom asked me some questions about what had happened.
The train had already left by the time I got to the station.
She likes walking alone.
She forced him to eat his vegetables.
Hey, this is delicious.
Let's play this game again.
I haven't downloaded the files yet.
You can swim much better than him.
How foolish of you!
How foolish of you!
Tom can't drive a car yet.
It was she who stole the photos.
Take the leftover food home with you.
Tom stole my idea.
Tom stole my idea.
I can't walk any more.
I just want you to know that I forgive you.
I just want you to know that I forgive you.
It was my dream.
He has no interest in politics.
It was their choice.
Stop! There's a deer on the road.
Do you support Mitt Romney or Barack Obama?
She's beautiful, and rich... and I hate her.
You'll make a mistake.
Why are you happy when someone else suffers?
I am relying on you to be honest.
I am relying on you to be honest.
I am relying on you to be honest.
Quit chattering.
I feel awkward in his presence.
Forget all grudges and begin living freely.
I'll keep reading.
Tom is prone to mood swings.
Tom opened a new restaurant, but it didn't turn a profit in the first twelve months.
I prefer hardwood floors to carpet.
Mr. Brown has four children.
They're on the eighth floor.
I found the book easily though it was dark in the room.
A trip to America this summer is out of the question.
The train had already left when I arrived at the station.
The train had already left when I arrived at the station.
Some deaf people choose not to use sign language.
I hear that you kissed my girlfriend.
I hear that you kissed my girlfriend.
I hear that you kissed my girlfriend.
I hear that you kissed my girlfriend.
I hear that you kissed my girlfriend.
I hear that you kissed my girlfriend.
I hear that you kissed my girlfriend.
I hear that you kissed my girlfriend.
This book is too difficult for me to understand.
Industry as we know it today didn't exist in those days.
Words cannot describe the horror I experienced.
Words cannot describe the horror I experienced.
She is a genius at mathematics.
I know how to use every kind of weapons.
No matter how fast you walk, you won't be able to catch up with him.
She pulled a rope.
If I were you I'd be able to succeed.
That movie was terrible.
I finally fell asleep.
We rarely eat out.
Tom ate the apple.
Tom ate too much.
They have a dream.
What a great discovery!
What a great discovery!
I sincerely doubt that.
Tom walks his dog for an hour a day, irrespective of the weather.
Who do you trust?
Who do you trust?
Don't be surprised.
Don't be surprised.
Do the windows open?
This dish is tasty.
What does this prove?
She stared at her nails.
I'm interested in the history of Japan.
Thank you very much for your letter of January 7th.
I'm happy the apple I'm eating is green!
He was the leader of the movement.
What kind of hat do you want to buy?
He waited for the elevator to come down.
Tom brought a blanket.
It is said that the fox is more cunning than any other animal.
I saw Bill in the library yesterday.
I broke Tom's nose.
His brother works for a trading company.
Tom broke numerous laws.
I have little interest in history.
This pencil is better than that one.
Tom promised to return the books I lent him.
Because I hate you.
Because I hate you.
Because I hate you.
Because I hate you.
I have been walking for over four hours.
I'll give him another chance.
I'll give her another chance.
How deep do you think the water is?
They didn't have a choice.
I hate my clothes!
Do you think Tom trusts us?
Do you think Tom trusts us?
The doctor advised me to drink more milk.
Many men went west in search of gold.
Please don't feed the monkey.
What is luck?
I need you in my office pronto.
He noticed my presence.
She felt lonely when all her friends had gone home.
We must not wake a sleeping cat.
They have assigned me a small room.
What is your opinion on school uniforms?
We haven't heard this news.
Please, turn on the light!
Mr. Smith studied Chinese history.
We don't repair PCs here.
When was the last time you danced?
We have a lot of English books in the library.
We do not fix computers here.
Everyone's asleep.
Tom was the one who taught me to swear.
Tom said that he didn't know how to swim.
I didn't know the truth until this morning.
He prides himself on his knowledge of politics.
It is hoped that the war will end before long.
Where, Sir, are you going to?
She didn't want to sell the book.
He took charge of the expenses.
Why was Marika so interested in Japanese culture?
All the passengers aboard were killed in the crash.
I didn't have the heart to tell Tom about that.
I didn't have the heart to tell Tom about that.
We've made a very interesting discovery.
I've made an interesting discovery.
Discussions are going on.
I prefer English cars to foreign ones.
Tom looked in his briefcase.
Tom looked at the picture.
Venus has no moons.
Our colleague's mother passed away.
Children are dying.
I'll keep your secret.
I'm feeling the baby move.
Tom died immediately.
Tom died almost instantly.
Tom politely declined.
This never happened to me before.
We've decided to postpone the meeting till next Monday.
Tom is a tough negotiator.
They were all actors.
I took my little sister by the hand when we crossed the street.
He hoped the problem would solve itself.
I, too, am worried about her.
Tom has to learn to be more careful.
Are you calling me stupid?
You hate raw onions, don't you?
Tom never was much of a dancer.
There is a statue of Nelson in Trafalgar Square.
Some people started dancing.
Tom dances quite well.
The kids started crying.
There are a few mistakes in this composition.
Tom has only done half his homework.
I could hear birds chirping outside my window.
It cost three thousand dollars exactly.
It cost three thousand dollars exactly.
It cost three thousand dollars exactly.
It cost three thousand dollars exactly.
I don't know when it will arrive.
I don't know when it will arrive.
Get him away from me.
Get her away from me.
Get him away from me.
Get her away from me.
Get them away from me.
Get them away from me.
What's Tom hiding from me?
Tom poured some tea for me.
You said that it was urgent.
You said that it was urgent.
I was proud of them.
I was proud of him.
I was proud of her.
I was proud of you.
I was proud of you.
We were proud of her.
We were proud of him.
We were proud of them.
This gold is mine.
Tom admitted he'd made a mistake.
Do you think Tom is making a mistake?
Do you think Tom is making a mistake?
Tom pointed out my mistake.
Tom made a huge mistake.
Tom made a big mistake.
Tom admitted that he stole the money.
Tom admitted that he had stolen the money.
You're spending too much money.
You're spending too much money.
Tom spends too much money.
Tom kissed me on the mouth.
Tom was born with a silver spoon in his mouth.
I'm going to turn on the heater because it's very cold.
The time will come when she will regret what she has said.
Please turn on the TV.
Please turn on the TV.
What was Tom complaining about?
We're not complaining.
He was almost hit by a car.
He is a killer, he should be behind bars!
We hated them.
We hated them.
Humans come from apes.
Indicate the correct option.
Is the post office still closed?
Nobody claimed responsibility.
That changed things.
What can I change?
You changed my life.
You changed my life.
What can be changed?
We must change this.
We all want changes.
We changed everything.
Tom could change that.
Tom could change that.
That situation is changing.
That situation is changing.
Tom recently changed jobs.
Tom is a good driver.
The old barn fell down.
There should be no secrets between us.
Tom put on his coat and left the house.
Tom wants me to help him with his homework.
I'm buying my sister a new hat.
The doctor told Mr Smith to give up smoking.
You, too, can achieve success if you try.
He's not responding to my texts.
They excluded John from the club.
My heart is beating so fast!
Where is the bedroom?
Tom put on his black suit and white tie.
He always opens the window when he goes to sleep.
It was a wonderful morning.
I've seen this movie at least three times already.
She ate an apple.
You yourself need to learn how to drive a car.
You yourself need to learn how to drive a car.
You yourself need to learn how to drive a car.
A few years ago, there was a huge scandal.
Tom will have to get medical attention.
He took a trip to Europe.
Because of your advice, I was able to succeed.
I hope you don't suffer from claustrophobia.
I hope you don't suffer from claustrophobia.
Nobody asked questions about my country.
Tom knows the names of all his customers.
Tom left the house without even saying goodbye.
I don't respect them.
A few days later the wedding took place.
We need proof.
We were worried.
She looked at him with hatred.
Describe her.
We're screwed.
He's desperate.
Everybody hates her.
She gave me hell.
I can't be bothered to argue with you anymore.
You stole my heart.
She was dreaming of starting a family.
Why didn't Tom take off his jacket?
Tom brought me here on our first date.
You are always fighting.
I am interested in your past.
I am interested in your past.
The hotel I'm staying at is near the station.
Tom said you'd ask a lot of questions.
Tom said you'd ask a lot of questions.
Tom said you'd ask a lot of questions.
Tom said you'd ask a lot of questions.
I can only keep a secret so long as no one asks me about it.
He committed many sins in his youth.
You're a wonderful human being.
You're a wonderful human being.
He told his assistant that he would win.
I love Japan, and Japanese girls of course
Tom walked quickly down the corridor.
This city is called the Japanese Denmark.
In December 1989, he sent troops to Panama.
I remember the happy days we spent together.
At first, I thought he was crazy.
I suggest you rest for a while.
I suggest you rest for a while.
Hey, I have an idea.
Hey, I have an idea.
Without your love, my life would be very sad.
She guessed right.
Would you mind if I told her?
I met them at the library.
Please don't make me ask her.
Please don't make me ask her.
The prince is handsome.
I won't let them escape.
I agree one hundred percent.
I agree one hundred percent.
Our plane is flying over the clouds.
After the war, he managed to escape to South America.
I would like to attend that lecture.
I would like to attend that lecture.
Great! The coffee is hot.
Get me an extra blanket.
Tom picked up the glass of juice and took a sip.
Tom purchased an antique rug.
Do we have any other choice?
I hate myself for hating them.
Tom was merely a witness.
Now it's your choice.
Now it's your choice.
I still haven't paid her.
Washington, D.C., is the capital of the United States of America.
I ate a gulab jamun.
Understanding is essential.
Food is essential to life.
We'll starve.
We're dying.
We'll attend.
Did we win?
Did we win?
We can win.
I don't want to change.
There are quite a few hotels by the lake.
Actually, that's not quite correct.
Where did you learn all this?
Where did you learn all this?
She seldom goes to places like that.
You'll soon get used to speaking in public.
When did you start studying languages?
I think that Zac ate an apple.
I heard that Tom is learning how to drive.
I'm not one of those men who hates women.
What would you like to order?
I'm writing an article for the school newspaper.
Well, that changes everything.
What caused the fire?
I won't be able to pay for it.
She watched the passengers get off the bus.
I am leaving right away.
She gave birth to a fine healthy baby.
I didn't ask them any questions.
I didn't ask them any questions.
Wind up the clock.
Their job is to check the security system.
Everyone loves sports.
She died a miserable death.
Don't, Tom! it's awful.
I don't like adventures.
Good dog!
He died almost instantly.
I hate school.
You handled the situation well.
The students asked questions one after another.
She had an early breakfast.
What else have you figured out?
What else have you figured out?
Tom has been blind since he was born.
Tom has been blind since he was born.
Tom started to take off his jacket.
I study English and Japanese.
Are you going to kiss me or not?
Are you going to kiss me or not?
This message is for him.
Tom went to the store to buy some apples.
Tom pressed the correct button.
Are you nervous? "A little bit."
Tom is not proud of his past.
I have a message from her.
Can you make a tasty salad?
We've been trying to keep it a secret.
I've rarely seen him so quiet.
I've rarely seen him so quiet.
I just wanted to make sure Tom was OK.
I just wanted to make sure Tom was OK.
Her grades have improved significantly.
I spent all night working on this report.
Tom wanted to give a very special present to his girlfriend.
The bus leaves every ten minutes.
Did Tom ask you any questions?
Tom took off his coat and hung it up.
I'll do my best to pass the examination.
My wife suffers from osteoporosis.
Give her the $300.
Give her the $300.
There's no need to call a doctor.
Tom immediately called 911.
I've stopped buying meat there.
King John died from a mysterious illness.
The clients decided.
Can you teach me English?
Tom fell asleep in the classroom.
This tie matches your suit.
Tom likes to look at pictures of animals.
Are there any apples in the box?
She has no self-esteem.
Tom broke his jaw.
What law did Tom break?
I know you recently got a job.
I know you recently got a job.
Blood ran from his wound.
I can't talk, I'm on a mission.
He hates her parents.
My dream is to travel in a space shuttle.
In autumn all the leaves on the mountain change color.
Melanie said that she likes swimming.
Tom said that he likes swimming.
You're a good driver.
Don't trust anyone here!
Don't trust anyone here!
Tom is sure that he'll pass the exam.
Tom is proud of his family.
Tom is proud of his daughter.
The difference was unbelievable.
The difference was unbelievable.
The conference begins on Monday.
What a great accomplishment!
I think she's probably waiting at the station now.
Do you think that's funny?
I trusted Tom more than I should have.
I have made up my mind to leave Japan.
I have made up my mind to leave Japan.
I'm not the only one who wants to go swimming.
We've run out of coal.
Tom lacks the talent to be an actor.
They believed that the earth was flat.
I had little time to prepare the speech.
I had little time to prepare the speech.
That's clearly not true.
He can cope with the problems.
What do you think about breakfast at McDonald's?
Tom doesn't usually wear a tie.
It was dreadful weather.
What do these words mean? What's the difference between them?
Who is your dance partner?
I asked some questions.
Please remind me to call John at nine.
Please remind me to call John at nine.
Guess what I was thinking.
Guess what I was thinking.
I think you've lost your mind.
Let's give him another chance.
Let's give her another chance.
The apples are delicious.
I want Tom to make me breakfast.
I wouldn't worry about her.
He claims that you stole them.
Did Tom win again?
We asked everybody the same question.
Police arrested three suspects.
Our neighbors are arguing again.
She gave birth to a daughter yesterday.
We totally agree.
Not everyone agrees.
Tom finally agreed.
Maybe I'm just crazy.
I'm sorry. I got the wrong number.
Tom promised me that he wouldn't tell anyone.
Are you seriously thinking about having a baby?
It hurt me deeply.
I agree with everyone.
Tom agrees with them.
Many people disagree with you.
Many people disagree with you.
Tom said he disagrees.
Tom strongly disagrees.
I've never seen Tom wear a hat.
Sales are down.
It was just awful.
It was really sad.
It was a tradition.
Is Tom a foreigner?
Everyone was wrong.
It's a huge secret.
The choice is ours.
The choice is easy.
We were very lucky.
Why is Tom unhappy?
Everything is great.
Is Tom absent today?
It was an exception.
It's a huge loss.
Tom is an exception.
Tom was an exception.
We were just unlucky.
Tom was just unlucky.
That was great advice.
Tom covered his mouth when he sneezed.
He decided on the red car.
Do you think Tom will be here on time?
We have to get him to a doctor.
As for the new project, I disagree with you.
Bring a bucket of apples.
Bring a bucket of apples.
Tom says he needs to buy a new computer.
That helps me fall asleep.
I've always wanted to visit Australia.
That would be awful.
That was a huge relief.
This is excellent news.
This is excellent news.
I prefer spring to summer.
Tom started the car and put it in reverse.
My memory failed me. I just couldn't remember his name.
It's extremely important.
Do you hate poor childen?!
This is extremely important.
Are they going to arrest me?
There was a lot of furniture in the room.
Dan headed to a local nightclub.
Are they going to arrest us?
Are they going to arrest us?
I guess I have no choice.
You always have a choice.
Can I just ask you a question?
Australia is no exception.
They were terribly hungry.
Tom is kidding, of course.
Australia was no exception.
Australia was an exception.
Tom, I asked you a question!
Last night I fell asleep quickly.
Last night I fell asleep quickly.
I'm going to make a drink.
We didn't complain at all.
We suffer from osteoporosis.
Do you think you'll need that?
Oh my God, you too???
I hope you win!
I hope you win!
Why didn't you change the plan?
Why didn't you change the plan?
Why didn't you change the plan?
How long have you been studying Japanese?
Most women dream of a splendid wedding.
Human trafficking is a crime.
I don't have my passport with me.
There are exceptions, however.
Those snakes are extremely dangerous.
Those snakes are extremely dangerous.
They have talent.
They had no chance.
We all have flaws.
We rarely have soup.
I'm not worried about her.
The police are checking their bags.
They want justice.
I am leaving for Paris tomorrow.
I would have failed without his help.
Everybody laughed except us.
I'm really worried about her.
Did you enter your PIN into your computer?
Tom can swim almost as fast as I can.
Tom didn't seem to be happy with our decision.
Tom alerted police.
There have been exceptions.
He refuses to believe us.
He refuses to believe us.
Who do you think will win the election?
Who do you think will win the election?
Tom tried to catch the rabbit.
Tom is very young.
You'd better sit down, Tom.
I thought Tom had retired.
I've already paid for it.
I'm really lucky.
Her flat is always clean.
My room is always clean.
I like driving.
The noise woke me up.
Do you have the most recent version of this software?
How have you spent your holiday?
They agreed to work together on the project.
He asked her some questions.
You hate them, right?
I would never kiss her.
I would never kiss her.
He always swims with the current.
I will try to find them.
He has a very dense beard.
Some people don't own computers.
I don't keep secrets from you.
I found a nice tie for you.
I found a nice tie for you.
I found a nice tie for you.
I found a nice tie for you.
They got scared and killed her.
Everyone is proud of you.
Everyone is proud of you.
Everyone is proud of you.
Everyone is proud of you.
I gave the dog a bone. That stopped its barking.
I gave the dog a bone. That stopped its barking.
I gave the dog a bone. That stopped its barking.
I gave the dog a bone. That stopped its barking.
He acted foolishly.
Can you swim like them?
Can you swim like them?
Show them the picture.
Tell him your theory.
Tell him your theory.
I'll give them another chance.
I've never seen her dance.
I've never seen her dance.
Did you arrest her?
Did you arrest her?
Did you arrest her?
Did you arrest her?
Did you arrest her?
Did you arrest her?
I would never kiss him.
I would never kiss him.
I still haven't paid you.
I still haven't paid you.
I still haven't paid you.
I still haven't paid you.
I told her that was ridiculous.
I just got a message from them.
I just got a message from them.
I respect them.
I respect them.
I was so wrong about her.
I was so wrong about her.
I used to hate him.
I used to hate him.
Who makes breakfast for you?
They won't let you escape.
They won't let you escape.
They won't let you escape.
They won't let you escape.
I still respect her.
I've left you three messages.
I've left you three messages.
I've left you three messages.
I've left you three messages.
I, too, am worried about them.
She sells us dresses.
There's nowhere for her to go.
Everybody knows I hate them.
I can take you to them.
I've never kissed her.
They tried to handcuff her.
Will you swim with him?
I don't want to sue her.
I sent a message to you.
I sent a message to you.
I sent a message to you.
I sent a message to you.
If I had a choice, I'd go home now.
If I had a choice, I'd go home now.
I'm very proud of her.
Tell her your theory.
This message is for you.
I'll be sure to tell them.
There's nowhere for him to go.
If you have a question for Tom, ask him yourself.
Have you seen Planet of the Apes?
Have you seen Planet of the Apes?
Have you seen Planet of the Apes?
He sat smoking on the bench.
He is less strict than our teacher.
I've got no secrets from him.
I've got no secrets from him.
I can't make out what you're saying.
Tom can't hear a word you're saying.
Don't let him escape!
Don't let him escape!
My father was very strict.
What is your favourite hobby in winter?
The cage is open.
Mr. Bush is President.
The ship changed its course.
The ship changed its course.
He made me eat it.
He made me eat it.
I finally found my keys.
How much did you pay for this?
I defeated the warrior.
Are you ready for today's meeting?
Are you ready for today's meeting?
Are you ready for today's meeting?
Gold is the most valuable of the metals.
Gold is the most valuable of the metals.
You admitted that you made a mistake.
You admitted that you made a mistake.
You admitted that you made a mistake.
The letter is dated April 1, 1987.
He finished breakfast.
They were forced to return to the South.
Give them the $300.
I was so wrong about you.
I'm little worried about him.
Can you teach me?
This message is for her.
We gave him some apples.
We gave him some apples.
Everybody knows I hate him.
Everybody knows I hate him.
Everyone pointed at her.
Why are you questioning them?
We're concerned about him.
Everybody knows I hate you.
Everybody knows I hate you.
Everybody knows I hate you.
Everybody knows I hate you.
You've earned a rest.
Are they going to arrest you?
Are they going to arrest you?
Tom really does swim well, doesn't he?
Who makes breakfast for them?
Can you take me to them?
They released him.
I married him.
This is an excellent start.
A fire broke out on the second floor of the building.
I had an awful time at the conference.
Tom studied French for three years.
Who makes breakfast for him?
Who makes breakfast for her?
Tom doesn't respect me.
You'll love her.
You'll love her.
She revealed her secret.
Is this your first convention?
I'll meet him at the library.
We're going to hang them.
We're going to hang them.
We're going to hang them.
We're going to hang them.
I've got no secrets from them.
I've got no secrets from them.
I used to hate her.
I used to hate her.
I stole this from him.
They don't respect you.
They don't respect you.
They don't respect you.
Let's not invite her.
We followed them.
Try not to worry about us.
Try not to worry about us.
I sent a message to her.
I sent a message to her.
They hated her.
I hated him.
I hated him.
Give him a second chance.
Give him a second chance.
They hugged her.
I'll go to the library with you tomorrow.
Tom asked the teacher several questions.
The police can't arrest her.
We all hated him.
We all hated him.
Tom picked up a pencil.
I must report this to him.
I'm proud of her.
We got scared and killed them.
I'll give her half of my share.
I'll give her half of my share.
I want to make him proud of me.
How could I hate her?
How could I hate her?
I gave him an apple.
I gave him an apple.
I argued with him.
I argued with him.
I have nothing else to wear.
This old man is gray.
This was your responsibility.
Don't touch my flowers.
The devil is in the details.
The devil is in the details.
We want you to marry him.
I asked her the same question.
I asked her the same question.
Did the police arrest them?
I'll keep it for you.
I'll keep it for you.
You worry too much about him.
You worry too much about him.
I know you worry about her.
I know you worry about her.
Let her relax.
Let her relax.
I gave him no choice.
I gave him no choice.
I just don't agree with you.
I just don't agree with you.
I just don't agree with you.
I just don't agree with you.
I told them I was just joking.
I told them I was just joking.
You're wrong about her.
You're wrong about her.
I told you I made a mistake.
I told you I made a mistake.
I want to see her first.
The police have arrested us.
They've arrested them.
They hate him.
They detest him.
How do I look? "You look great."
I went inside.
It would be awesome!
Are you interrogating me?
How tall is that mountain?
His eyes were glowing.
Who did you kiss?
Who started the fight?
You saved my hide.
My hands are shaking.
How cold is Canada?
Catch her! Catch her!
He put his arm around me.
This knife is dull.
Pick up your trash.
He later married her.
Tom, I choose you!
The fire burned brightly.
Who is Tom? One of your friends from school?
Why are you hiding from him?
Why are you hiding from him?
Why are you hiding from him?
I hated her.
I hated her.
I hated her.
I hated her.
I found a nice tie for him.
I just don't agree with her.
The guards didn't see me.
I left a message for him.
I left a message for him.
I left a message for him.
I left a message for him.
The police have arrested her.
Tom's as strong as an ox, yet nevertheless is a coward.
We arrested them.
We arrested them.
Tom bought a Persian rug.
Tom threw a pillow at me.
I asked her to teach me French.
I asked her to teach me French.
We surrounded her.
I couldn't help blushing.
They surrounded him.
I can't believe I ate the whole thing.
I tried not to cry.
I asked him the same question.
I asked him the same question.
They won't let him escape.
They won't let him escape.
We were worried about them.
Tom was preparing breakfast.
I met her at the library.
I met her at the library.
The bridge collapsed.
He'll come for sure.
You'll pay for this.
They won't let her escape.
That's one explanation.
I'm hiding from her.
Did the police arrest him?
Did the police arrest him?
I hate him.
I hate him.
We all hated them.
I've left him three messages.
I've left him three messages.
I told him I made a mistake.
I told him I made a mistake.
I really want to impress them.
They followed him.
Why are you protecting me?
Why are you protecting me?
We hugged them.
I told him I hated him.
I hated them.
I hated them.
I hated them.
I hated them.
I really do hate him.
Let me ask you a simple question.
Are you hiding something, Tom?
I ate a salad for lunch.
I could use some help.
Tom won't be paid.
You worry too much about her.
We released them.
We released them.
You've made her unhappy.
I'm hiding from them.
I stole it from her.
I stole this from her.
They were going to hang him.
They were going to hang him.
I sent a message to them.
I sent a message to them.
I sent a message to them.
What do Japanese students usually eat for lunch?
Did you arrest him?
Did you arrest him?
Did you arrest him?
Did you arrest him?
Why did you help them escape?
I hate myself for hating him.
I told her I was just joking.
I told her I was just joking.
They've arrested her.
You hate him, don't you?
How much does this hat cost?
I just wanted to give you a heads-up.
I should give him a chance.
Tom was murdered last night.
The boss said it's urgent!
I detest them.
You hate him, right?
May I use this telephone?
Tom didn't think it was funny.
I've left them three messages.
I've left them three messages.
I saw her die.
I saw her die.
I just got a message from him.
I just got a message from him.
I have a slight fever today.
Why did you help us escape?
Why did you help us escape?
Why did you help us escape?
You let him down.
You let him down.
I really do hate them.
I respected him.
I respected you.
I respected you.
We're all very proud of them.
We're all very proud of them.
You should have him arrested.
I want a flat stomach.
I told him I'm not interested.
Tom is studying in the library.
How could I hate him?
How could I hate him?
I gave him a blanket.
I gave him a blanket.
I let them down.
I let them down.
You have good genes.
I hope you plan to record some more.
This chair is very comfortable, but I don't like the color.
You'll love him.
You'll love him.
Tom hated us.
How many times have I told you not to bring people over without asking for my permission first?
I can't believe he kissed you.
I never got caught.
I left her a couple messages.
I still want to marry him.
Yuri Gagarin flew only one space mission.
Eat me!
Eat me!
Tom was never violent.
Half of you are idiots.
Tom looked nervously around the cave.
She allowed him to kiss her.
The fight continues!
It was due a week ago, namely on April second.
The guard grabbed her.
Why do you hate me?
I gave them a chance.
I gave them a chance.
Tom hated me.
Tom hated me.
You're wrong about me.
I'm so proud of them.
I never called him an idiot.
I never called him an idiot.
I've let her down.
I've let her down.
I'll send a message to him.
I've left her three messages.
I've left her three messages.
I love arguing with her.
I told them I made a mistake.
I told them I made a mistake.
Why is Tom hiding from us?
Why didn't you help me escape?
Why didn't you help me escape?
Why didn't you help me escape?
Does Tom want to rest?
This road is terrible.
I paid him last week.
I paid him last week.
I respect you and your opinions.
I've been there twice.
I've been there twice.
You should have her arrested.
That was foolish of her.
Tell them to relax.
Tell them to relax.
I gave her no choice.
I gave her no choice.
I left him a couple messages.
I left him a couple messages.
They hated him.
They hated him.
I let him kiss me.
We gave her some apples.
We gave her some apples.
We gave her some apples.
Tom doesn't respect them.
I gave him a chance.
I gave him a chance.
Everyone pointed at them.
I'll send a message to her.
I didn't ask her any questions.
We arrested him.
They detest her.
We won't let them escape.
Try to stay awake.
There's nowhere for you to go.
There's nowhere for you to go.
At first, I didn't believe you.
At first, I didn't believe you.
At first, I didn't believe you.
At first, I didn't believe you.
Kiss her.
You should marry him.
You should marry him.
Why didn't you help her escape?
Why didn't you help her escape?
Why didn't you help her escape?
I used to hate you.
I used to hate you.
I used to hate you.
I'll take you there myself.
Tom has quit using Facebook.
The big building was blazing with lights.
I never worried about you.
They started dancing.
I want to kiss her.
I want to kiss her.
Why are you protecting us?
Why are you protecting us?
Why are you protecting us?
Why are you protecting us?
I want to kiss him.
I want to kiss him.
I've never kissed him.
I've never kissed him.
You didn't give them a chance.
Are you going to kiss her?
Tom is worried about his future.
We surrounded him.
I don't need her.
I was right behind them.
I'll alert them.
Why are you hiding from her?
Why are you hiding from them?
I still haven't paid him.
I still haven't paid him.
Perhaps I was too harsh on her.
I want to make her proud of me.
I want to make her proud of me.
Why did you help me escape?
Why did you help me escape?
Why did you help me escape?
I don't hate her anymore.
Who kissed him?
Who kissed him?
I left a message for her.
I left a message for her.
I sent a message to him.
I sent a message to him.
I argued with them.
I argued with them.
Get your hands off him.
You've got to respect him.
I had to arrest her.
Why are you hiding from me?
Let's find out who killed him.
Tom doesn't know much about sports.
I'll replace him.
I'll replace him.
I let her kiss me.
My sister likes to dance.
The professors can make mistakes, too.
The professors can make mistakes, too.
The professors can make mistakes, too.
The professors can make mistakes, too.
I'll give him half of my share.
I love arguing with you.
I love arguing with you.
I respected them.
I didn't touch him.
Can I give her a message?
We all hated her.
Should I include him?
Tom hates them.
I respect him.
We've got nowhere to go.
We're going to see a full moon tomorrow.
The children are in need of you.
The children are in need of you.
Did the police arrest her?
Women guess everything; they're only wrong when they think.
She hates me.
She hates me.
What a brilliant idea!
I love arguing with him.
In its home country, France, Tatoeba became a social and cultural phenomenon.
It'll take time to get everything ready.
Give us a second chance.
Give us a second chance.
I thought you hated us.
I thought you hated us.
I thought you hated us.
I thought you hated us.
I thought you hated us.
I thought you hated us.
I thought you hated us.
I thought you hated us.
I thought you hated us.
I thought you hated us.
I thought you hated us.
I thought you hated us.
I took her to the hospital.
Tom is really obnoxious, isn't he?
Keep this lesson in mind.
We were worried about him.
He is a harsh critic.
We were worried about him.
You should have them arrested.
I know all about marriage.
She returned a book to the library.
What a beauty!
I will certainly need a car.
Tom hardly ever goes to bed before midnight.
You aren't in any danger.
Does Marika watch Japanese films?
Tom is shorter and heavier than John.
The child pointed out her mother to me.
Tom needs a cup of sugar.
I asked him out and he said yes.
To his surprise, the thief turned out to be his own son.
Mary is the girl of my dreams.
There were white clouds sailing in the sky.
I gave her a blanket.
I gave her a blanket.
I stole it from them.
I stole it from them.
I've only seen them twice.
I told them that was ridiculous.
I told them that was ridiculous.
Why are you protecting them?
Why are you protecting them?
You said that you hated us.
You said that you hated us.
You said that you hated us.
You'll love them.
You'll love them.
I'm very proud of them.
Get your filthy hands off him.
They've arrested me.
I saw them die.
Let me make you some coffee.
I thought you hated them.
I thought you hated them.
I thought you hated them.
I thought you hated them.
How much money do you spend on clothes?
Are they going to arrest them?
I had to arrest him.
I had to arrest him.
That was foolish of them.
I followed them.
You hate them, don't you?
You hate them, don't you?
I have to give her a chance.
I gave her a chance.
I gave her a chance.
Who did Tom kiss?
I'll give you half of my share.
Should we arrest him?
Why didn't you help him escape?
Why didn't you help him escape?
Why didn't you help him escape?
I can't wait to tell them.
The police can't arrest them.
The police can't arrest them.
I saw him go inside.
I asked him to teach me French.
I asked him to teach me French.
Do you hate them that much?
I hate her as much as you do.
Tom is always complaining about his boss.
This is a message for them.
They hugged him.
If men are wolves then women are devils.
I'm now learning French.
At first, I didn't believe him.
At first, I didn't believe him.
I told him it was urgent.
I told him it was urgent.
I gave them no choice.
I gave them no choice.
I hesitate to ask her to help.
They don't respect him.
They don't respect her.
We have bad news for them.
The police have arrested him.
You can't let her win.
Why didn't you help us escape?
Your dress is already out of fashion.
I gave them another chance.
I don't trust his story.
That's not funny at all anymore.
I was not aware of his presence.
Do you practice any sport?
Do you believe the legends?
Do you believe the legends?
I suffer from a stomach ache.
In Europe the schools start up in September.
I'm really proud of him.
Which team will win the game?
My grandmother cooked for five.
The moon is bright.
What a gorgeous flower!
Knock before entering.
Tom came into my room without knocking.
Tom doesn't count on me.
It's hardly surprising.
I'm surprised to find you here.
Tom has been through a lot.
Let me look.
How are we going to get inside?
Your wife's on the phone. She says it's urgent.
You shouldn't go out after dark.
He leaned towards me.
It was time for breakfast.
How did you manage to get Tom to do that?
Does that window open?
Can I ask you a quick question?
Everyone was present.
All were present.
She complained continually that there was no money left.
I'll take my passport with me, just in case.
I'd like to volunteer my services.
I wish you were wrong, but I know you're right.
I wish you were wrong, but I know you're right.
I wish you were wrong, but I know you're right.
I gave them each an apple.
That store sells men's wear.
They both relaxed.
I have a ring.
Tom is relaxing on his bunk.
I've got some matches right here.
Tom will pay for what he did to us.
Are you frightened, Tom?
You aren't wrong.
It's a steal at twice that price.
I bought a new hat for my sister.
I bought a new hat for my sister.
Tom doesn't need me anymore.
How well can you dance?
How well can you dance?
I'm just trying to keep busy.
You worry too much about what other people think.
Tom came close to being run over by a truck.
The police have arrested someone.
It can be very cold here even in May.
Tom must have pushed the wrong button.
She froze at the sight of the bear.
Promise me you won't do that.
Let me get my coat.
Let me get my coat.
Let me get my coat.
Let me get my coat.
Tom slumped in his chair.
Tom slumped in his chair.
I have a lot of money and enough time to use it.
Tom felt all alone.
Tom felt all alone.
We're discussing that.
Tom wouldn't listen to my advice.
Tom wouldn't listen to my advice.
You may have to help Tom.
You may have to help Tom.
You've been lucky so far.
You've been lucky so far.
The water flows under the bridge.
This couch is not comfortable.
This couch is not comfortable.
I strongly agree with you.
Let's hope it never comes to that.
Here's today's report.
This is pretty amazing.
Tom brought me a cup of tea.
That's very hot. Don't touch it.
Tom arrived.
Promise you won't tell Tom.
Nobody wants to be hated.
Tom didn't even try to get his homework done on time.
I don't find that very funny.
I don't find that very funny.
I'll use it.
I don't like change.
I don't like change.
Did you find another picture?
Tom is leaving town tomorrow.
We have ample time to catch our train.
We have ample time to catch our train.
This is the money Tom stole.
Tom reached for his phone.
Tom reached for his phone.
Does Tom work out?
Can you recommend anything?
Look, I can explain this.
There are a lot of English books in this library.
There are many foreign tourists in Asakusa.
Would you like to sit down?
Would you like to sit down?
She didn't press him for an explanation.
Maybe that's the secret.
You just rest.
You just rest.
I hope you know that the last thing I want to do is go there without your permission.
Who's going to pay for all this?
Why should I take the risk?
Tom didn't break it.
I don't disagree with Tom.
I'm fighting.
I want to get married.
I hid it under my bed.
Hey, what's this?
Tom will catch up with us.
I remember the day Tom broke his leg.
Take your coat. It's cold today.
How did you cope?
You never trusted me.
You never trusted me.
You never trusted me.
You never trusted me.
I couldn't sleep either.
I couldn't sleep either.
I couldn't sleep either.
I couldn't sleep either.
You have to make a choice.
You must make a choice.
You must make a choice.
My pencil is red.
Tom arrived at school on time.
Is it true that Tom can't drive?
Please try to understand.
The last thing we want to do is to forget to pay our bills.
I think you might need me.
I think you might need me.
Tom doesn't care, does he?
That sounds pretty stupid.
I can't thank you enough for all your kindness.
Tom doesn't know how to be quiet.
Tom put the bird back in the cage.
Tom didn't swim because it was too cold.
Would that make a difference?
The doctor advised him not to eat between meals.
I'll stay right where I am.
Tom paid for it.
Tom paid for it.
Tom paid for it.
I don't want us to look foolish.
I walked up the hill.
You know I hate it.
Tom is an amazing man.
I like your hat.
Tom left before I could ask any questions.
Tom left before I could ask any questions.
You don't agree, do you?
Why couldn't I be the one you kissed?
Can you make it in time?
It was about the size of an egg.
They headed downstairs.
Tom isn't my client.
We can't trust what she says.
You can't trust what she says.
Tom listened carefully to everything Mary said.
They're murderers.
Was there a scandal?
I want much more.
We're being detained.
You'll find the way all right once you get to the station.
You'll find the way all right once you get to the station.
She was advised by him on how to stay healthy.
We kept them quiet.
I think Tom is pathetic.
I never trusted them.
I never thought we'd end up like this.
I'm at the station now.
How big an idiot are you?
How big an idiot are you?
How big an idiot are you?
Tom isn't a good swimmer.
They are fighting.
Don't expect everyone to agree with you.
Don't expect everyone to agree with you.
Tom and I are both very proud of you.
Tom and I are both very proud of you.
I heard him coming downstairs.
I heard him coming downstairs.
Why do you always seem to want to argue?
Why do you always seem to want to argue?
This drawing is less than great. He needs to do something with the line here at the back of the leg.
Tom got killed in a freak accident.
Tom got killed in a freak accident.
Is Tom a criminal?
There's something floating in my water.
They took turns driving the car.
He opened the cage and set the birds free.
He opened the cage and set the birds free.
Don't discuss this with anyone.
The BBC is my favourite channel.
They're crazy.
How serious is the problem?
Tom became violent.
They need protection.
I want to emphasize the need to get this done on time.
I was off duty at the time.
I agree with you entirely.
I doubt that Tom understands what I tried to tell him.
I doubt that Tom understands what I tried to tell him.
Why don't you call Tom and remind him?
Why don't you call Tom and remind him?
The meeting was held last month.
You spend too much money.
Tom is proud of his achievement.
In the room, it is dark.
I ordered way too much. I don't think I can eat it all.
I don't have any plans for tomorrow. I'm going to take it easy.
Tom can't get along on his salary because he has high medical expenses.
We also went to the temple.
Hey, don't do that!
Hey, don't do that!
Hey, look at me.
Hey, look at me.
Hey, look at me.
Tom felt foolish.
Tom felt foolish.
Tom says he can pay for it.
Tom says he can pay for it.
Tom ate the three apples in less than five minutes.
They're foreigners.
Does Tom like swimming?
They respect you.
Tom studied music theory.
There were two hundred people in the room.
Tom was discontented.
Luck doesn't exist.
Please stop that.
Please stop that.
Tom is a thief.
You can count on us.
You paid him four dollars.
My boss was very strict.
My boss was very strict.
I can't tell you how much I've enjoyed our time together.
I can't tell you how much I've enjoyed our time together.
Tom pitched six innings.
Some cruise ships have too many passengers.
Do you have proof that God exists?
Tom doesn't mind.
I had finished my homework when you called me.
I had finished my homework when you called me.
I had finished my homework when you called me.
I had finished my homework when you called me.
I had finished my homework when you called me.
I had finished my homework when you called me.
I've got your back.
Not far from the house was a military hospital.
My elbow still hurts.
Tom lowered his rifle.
Tom is curious about everything.
We came here to relax.
We came here to relax.
I have a right to choose.
Tom won't be happy if he sees me here.
I'm going abroad next summer.
I can't permit this to continue.
I can't permit this to continue.
I'm sure you deserved it.
I'm sure you deserved it.
I'm sure you deserved it.
I'm sure you deserved it.
I'm sure you deserved it.
I'm sure you deserved it.
I'm sure you deserved it.
I'm sure you deserved it.
I'm sure you deserved it.
Tom wasn't armed.
We agreed among ourselves.
I would've sent roses.
I'll take responsibility.
I like to listen to old records.
Tom didn't give further details.
I plan to give my son a computer at the end of the month.
Within a few minutes Tom had eaten up all the food on the table.
I never learned to speak French very well until Tom started to help me.
Tom spends lots of money on clothes.
I'm sure we all agree.
You're the pathetic one.
Tom hid in the mountains because he didn't want to get caught by the police.
Tom knew that salads were healthy, so he ate at least one salad a day.
She took the punishment with a smile.
Tom is one of the most disagreeable people I know.
Some people are very rude.
The sum of 5 and 3 is 8.
The sum of 5 and 3 is 8.
The cost amounted to twelve pesos.
Can your mom drive a car?
The barn is empty.
We haven't even discussed it.
I hate it when she does that.
I hate it when he does that.
Pain is weakness leaving the body.
Catch him! Catch him!
Catch him! Catch him!
Autumn changed into winter.
Leaves go brown in autumn.
Leaves go brown in autumn.
This book will do.
Tom looks as though he wants to cry.
Last year was the hottest year on record.
Tom loves coming here since he thinks this place serves the only fast food worth eating.
One of the disadvantages of living alone is that you have no one to talk to.
I never for a moment imagined that I'd be able to meet so many famous people.
Tom can't make up his mind whether to get a job or to go to college.
Tom thought he had a chance to make a lot of money on the stock market.
I've been trying to explain to Tom that he can't keep coming in here without permission.
I have to return this book to the library.
I have to return this book to the library.
Tom didn't have to explain it to me.
We have been up all night.
I have many model cars.
I want you to sit down.
I agree to your proposal.
Tom was rude.
The home team won.
It's only when I can't sleep at night that the ticking of the clock bothers me.
I can't figure out how to transfer MP3 files from my iPod back to my computer.
It doesn't make much sense to me, but Tom has decided not to go to college.
Tom was hard up for money and said he would take any job he was offered.
Tom is driving a truck.
She is going to learn how to drive.
Hey, look at the snow.
It was in the basement.
There are exceptions.
Do you mind if I come in?
How can you do this to me?
What are you worried about, anyway?
What are you worried about, anyway?
Don't step on my toes.
He was as ravenous as a bear.
Tom asked me a question.
Did you make any mistakes?
Did you make any mistakes?
Did you make any mistakes?
There's a lot of glare.
I've got two kids in school.
I have been busy since yesterday.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to be there on time.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to be there on time.
Tom gave me a hard time.
How fast can you do it?
How fast can you do it?
It looks great.
Tom came to sit with me on the sofa.
I received this electric knife as a gift.
I think Tom hates my dog.
We were beaten.
We'll be better off in the long run.
Tom prefers red wine to white wine.
Tom got into the car and started the engine.
The police have arrested me.
The police arrested me.
This computer is excellent, but it cost me a fortune.
Some animals change gender.
I have $300.
I have $300.
I've always hated her.
I've always hated her.
Can't you see it's our only chance?
Can't you see it's our only chance?
Can't you see it's your only chance?
You'll regret what you've done.
You'll regret what you've done.
That doesn't happen very often.
This doesn't happen very often.
I don't trust anyone anymore.
Tom always asks for my opinion.
Look both ways before you cross the road.
Look both ways before you cross the road.
I arrived later than usual.
I want to learn karate.
He robbed me of my new watch.
He was sitting on a bench with his friend.
Someone's knocking.
Mr. Bean is so funny!
Are you going to eat all of that yourself?
Why does that interest you?
Why does that interest you?
Why didn't Tom tell us that he didn't know how to swim?
Did Tom need help?
How did you learn to do that?
How did you learn to do that?
How did you learn to do that?
How did you learn to do that?
Do you watch the news every day?
Do you watch the news every day?
Tom says he doesn't mind.
Why does Tom hate you?
Why does Tom hate you?
I thought I was dying.
I don't have any details.
Dan is worried about Linda's baby.
Dan is worried about Linda's baby.
Tom has gotten older and he doesn't go out as often as he used to.
Would you mind making an extra cup of coffee whenever you decide to have some?
Tom added his name to the list of people who wanted to attend the dance.
I'd like to be able to tell Tom that he has nothing to worry about.
Tom blushed and turned away.
Tom hates guys like that.
Tom needs treatment.
Tom was hiding in the barn.
That was surprising.
I saw Tom kissing John's wife.
I had an awful night.
Have I lost my edge?
Have I lost my edge?
Have I lost my edge?
Have I lost my edge?
Tom didn't want any breakfast.
I didn't like the way that movie ended.
I'm trying to get out of here.
I'm trying to get out of here.
Tom was a farmer.
You can't win.
You can't win.
Tom trusted nobody.
That's a police car.
I have an important message.
Tom goes to the library three times a week.
Three people have been arrested.
I thought we agreed.
Tom divided the pie into three equal parts.
Everyone in the room was arrested.
Should I write that down?
Should I write that down?
I'm very worried about you.
Tom showed me the ropes.
She ordered a cup of tea.
Tom deserved the punishment.
That's a very nice coat.
I hated history class.
The concert hasn't started yet.
We hope to arrive on time.
It's been an amazing journey.
We were having an argument.
My mother is active.
My mother is active.
Do your homework right now.
Do your homework right now.
Tom is rude.
This database contains many errors.
You're a terrible driver.
Tom thinks that's ridiculous.
Tom is struggling.
I refuse to do that.
I refuse to do it.
How far is it to the library from here?
Where was Tom hiding?
One afternoon in late spring, Tom went out for a swim and was never seen again.
How much time and energy do you spend on projects that don't make you any money?
I want each of you to take out a piece of paper and write down what happened.
I've heard that it is best to always feed your dog at a specific time every day.
You've dialed the wrong number.
You've got the wrong number.
I change my underwear every day.
I think we deserved it.
Tom has nowhere to run to.
I don't hate him.
Why can't I drive?
Tom needs medical attention.
He became famous thanks to his mother.
We can proceed.
It's probably just my imagination.
Nice timing.
Hey, what's so funny?
I see now that we've made a mistake.
I see no reason to discuss it further.
Tom owns the building I live in.
I see no other choice.
Tom was detained for questioning.
I study French at least an hour every day.
I see no need for Tom to do that.
I see no need to do that.
I see I have no choice.
All I can think about is next month's vacation. I haven't been on one in so long.
I want to find out if Tom is going to wear the new shirt I gave him.
Let's just keep moving.
I left the rest to him and went out.
I left the rest to him and went out.
Pink roses are beautiful.
Pink roses are beautiful.
Thanks for reporting the issue.
Tom was talking nonsense.
My younger brother swims every day in the summer.
I want you to give Tom a message.
I want you to give Tom a message.
I think Tom swears too much.
I'm glad you asked that question.
I'm glad you asked that question.
I'm glad you asked that question.
I'm glad you asked that question.
I'm glad you asked that question.
I'm glad you asked that question.
Tom decided to run away.
No one could find the cave.
Is that a veiled threat?
I have to turn in my report today.
I have to turn in my report today.
What did I do to deserve that?
Do you think I should throw this away?
Do you think I should throw this away?
Tom goes to the library at least once a month.
We can't count on that happening.
She took the news calmly.
Also, I can fly.
Also, I can fly.
A dog is sitting on the carpet.
Do you realize how serious this is?
He offered her his jacket.
He seems miserable.
The girl who is dressed in white is my fiancée.
The girl who is dressed in white is my fiancée.
Which program did you watch yesterday?
They kissed.
Tom seems to have a lot of fun trying to cause as much trouble as he can.
Tom can't decide whether to buy a new computer now or wait for a couple of more months.
From personal experience, I know that any encounter with him will leave a bad taste in your mouth.
New York weather is hot and humid in the summer.
We compare life to a journey.
Tom cannot make mistakes.
My father was an actor.
She could not help but laugh.
Are you having a candlelit dinner with your wife?
It happens frequently on vacation.
Three bodies were found in the cave.
Did you find your passport?
Did you find your passport?
This bed is very comfortable.
It was a wonderful feeling.
It was a wonderful feeling.
We're not finished with negotiations.
I have never kissed a girl before.
I work too much in order to achieve my goals.
This desk is a little too low for me.
She looked around her room.
Stop beating around the bush and get to the point.
Stop beating around the bush and get to the point.
Tom doesn't like beating around the bush but prefers to get straight to the point.
I'm feeling great.
This coffee tastes great.
We have all the details.
Tom gave no other details.
I followed him into the kitchen.
Are there any more details?
Since Tom couldn't make a decent living as a nightclub musician, he had to get a day job.
As you already know, I don't speak French very well, so I'd rather not give a speech in French.
Tom could hear a commotion in front of his house, so he went outside to see what was happening.
Tom told the children that they could stay in this room as long as they didn't make any noise.
Let's not waste time.
They both fell asleep.
This armchair is comfortable.
I didn't mind.
I can't allow that.
This is the most comfortable chair in our house.
That's how I feel sometimes.
Tom lives near here.
Tom is going to need some more money.
Tom trusted you.
Tom trusted you.
Tom trusted you.
Tom trusted you.
What questions did they ask?
Can I play you a song?
Can I play you a song?
Did you receive my message?
Harvard is a wonderful university.
Tom didn't read the contract as carefully as he should have.
I'm pretty sure that Tom won't buy that car he was looking at yesterday.
I joined the football team.
Tom has found something valuable.
These cups are all broken.
I usually eat a big breakfast and a light lunch.
Where should I sign?
We all have choices.
I've never eaten rabbit meat.
We can't fish there anymore.
Do you regret marrying me?
I don't have a choice. I have to do it.
I don't have a choice. I have to do it.
I don't have a choice. I have to do it.
I don't have a choice. I have to do it.
I should ask you the same question.
Tom complains a lot.
Have there been consequences?
I know that I can count on you.
Who did you send roses to?
Nothing endures but change.
I see this thing quite differently.
Tom was hit by a truck and died instantly.
Tom took off his coat and put it on a chair.
Tom isn't going to buy a new car.
Tom would cry.
Tom isn't who he says he is.
Tom doesn't know the difference between good and evil.
There was a happy twinkle in her eyes.
Is this our hotel?
You're wasting your time.
You're wasting our time.
You're wasting our time.
Tom said it wasn't funny.
Tom said he was starving.
You're creative.
Thank you, from the bottom of my heart!
Tom wasn't jumping on the bed.
Tom isn't someone you should trust.
They're all feeling pretty good.
I want to be useful.
A large bird landed on the window sill.
I wanted to find out what Tom thought.
Tom helped fight the fire.
Tom fought.
Tom cheated.
Tom agrees.
Tom agrees.
Tom agreed.
Mr Yoshida is at home in French history.
Tom is very good at changing the subject.
Have you taken out the garbage?
Tom promised not to tell anyone about it.
Can't a woman have a dream?
One of us is wrong.
I try to avoid going into the woods after dark.
The girl is blind from birth.
And then everyone started dancing.
That's a great story.
We've still got a chance.
Is Tom still studying French?
I never for a moment imagined that I would still be doing this kind of thing at my age.
I spend as much time working in the garden in one day as my brother does in a week.
She advised him to take a long holiday, so he immediately quit work and took a trip around the world.
I suppose you want to ask me how I was able to make so much money in so little time.
If you'd told me about it earlier, I could've been free. However, tomorrow I have plans to go back home.
Tom wanted to give you a surprise party, but I knew you'd hate it, so I told him not to.
I'm getting married next week.
She woke him up.
Selling cars is my job.
It was a bomb.
They broke the silence.
What text editor do you use?
Nobody's expecting us to win.
Action!
And then everyone started dancing.
I try to avoid walking by the cemetery after dark.
They're always fighting among themselves.
They're fighting for their lives.
Words can't express our gratitude.
She gave him a big kiss.
Two men are checking on what's wrong with the car.
They say that he was very poor when he was young.
I'll find out who he is.
We made a mistake.
You're out of danger.
We have to stop this experiment.
I just arrived.
You smell terrible.
You smell terrible.
I get a three percent commission on anything I sell.
It took all night to climb Mt Fuji.
I told Tom the reason I didn't want to do it was that I didn't think it was a good idea.
No sooner had we finished working on one tough problem than the president sent us yet another straight from the top.
Tom pressed his ear against the wall to see if he could hear what his parents were discussing in the next room.
On the one hand we suffered a heavy loss, but on the other hand we learned a great deal from the experience.
Many people never get it right and end up landing jobs in government. How they do it will forever remain a mystery.
As long as you are thinking about the pros and cons of a relationship, I don't think you can call it love.
My mother always told me I would be able do anything I wanted to do if I put my mind to it.
Tom told me just the opposite.
Will newspapers be able to survive?
I dropped out of school when I was in the 7th grade.
Tom often buys expensive clothes.
Tom is working as a security guard.
Did Tom ask any questions?
Tom laughed quietly.
Tom asked me to wake him at six-thirty.
Whenever I talk to my father, I realize that he has a lot more experience than I do.
The weather yesterday was horrible.
Tom didn't even say good-bye.
This was so stupid.
Tom is waiting for everyone to leave.
Tom kissed her on both cheeks.
We have a chance.
I suspected nothing.
Tom suspects nothing.
Someone is going to pay for this!
Didn't I tell you to go to bed?
Tom drank a cup of tea.
Tom followed my advice.
Tom asked me to wake him up at 2:30.
Was it an explosion?
I agree with your opinion about taxes.
I agree with your opinion about taxes.
I agree with your opinion about taxes.
I swim in the summer.
I must leave you.
I must leave you.
I must leave you.
I must leave you.
I must leave you.
I must leave you.
I must leave you.
I was about to ask you the same question.
You haven't paid me yet.
You haven't paid me yet.
You haven't paid me yet.
I've been waiting half an hour.
I've been waiting half an hour.
That's hardly a secret.
I finally won.
This car runs on alcohol.
Tom described how he was able to escape from the locked room.
Tom is trying to earn enough money to buy a new trumpet.
I took it for granted that she would come to our wedding.
Tom might have eaten the stew if it had been less salty.
Tom crosses the railroad tracks every morning on his way to work.
Tom didn't read the book his teacher had told him to read.
I never thought I would have to support such a large family.
I can't tell you what my plans are.
I'm going down the stairs.
Tom made a choice.
We weren't given a choice.
Can she come in time?
Tom drove.
Tom clapped.
Tom has committed a serious crime.
There are plenty of fresh eggs on the table.
When the man saw a policeman, he fled.
I'll give Tom a chance.
Tom danced with me.
They were discontented.
Tom was the one who taught me how to play the ukulele.
We'll take that chance.
We're going to keep doing this until someone tells us that we can't.
What's that horrible noise?
I see the moon and the stars.
Tom doesn't eat raw fish.
Please don't worry.
The police came.
Tom was our leader.
Tom didn't notice the change.
Tom won three thousand dollars.
Tom drives a cab.
Is Tom dying of cancer?
You'll pay for this, Tom.
Tom promised to do his best.
Tom thinks I stole the money.
Tom thinks I stole the money.
I don't want to make the same mistake Tom made.
I'd like to reconfirm my reservation.
They were spending money.
Tom always causes trouble.
We're trying to change that.
I made a reservation at our favorite restaurant.
I made a reservation at our favorite restaurant.
I go to bed very early.
I go to bed very early.
Tom receives a very high salary.
Tom has changed his name.
We turned on the radio.
Do you still love me a little?
It's going to take a while to get this done.
Which do you want first, the good news or the bad news?
He thought that he was a genius.
He thought that he was a genius.
I ordered way too much. I don't think I can eat it all.
Tom tried to remember the last time he had visited an art museum.
I like this model.
I plan to give my son a computer at the end of the month.
Tom will never admit to being wrong even if he knows that he is.
The knight fell in battle.
The tower can be seen from here.
Within a few minutes Tom had eaten up all the food on the table.
Tom didn't want to get involved in the fight, but he had no choice.
Tom will never admit to being wrong even if he knows that he is.
The main character dies at the end of the book.
Send us a message.
Send us a message.
Tom is doing his homework now.
I've only spoken to Tom twice since he started working here.
What happened after we left?
Try to rest.
Try to rest.
They're going to hang her.
Save them.
Save them.
There is a concert next sunday.
I will get off the train at the next station.
I couldn't allow that to happen.
Tom swims very well.
I'm under suspicion, too.
Tom seldom eats red meat.
Tom scored three points.
Tom scored three points.
Tom is always complaining about his job.
Tom fooled us.
Tom looks crazy.
It's thanks to you.
She took the bottle from him and threw it out the window.
It's a tourist trap.
That was a nice hotel.
Tom, can you stay still for five minutes?
Tom is waiting for my report.
Tom put the folder on the table.
Tom can both sing and dance.
Tom made the same mistake again.
You remind me of myself at a young age.
Tom sat on the stairs.
Tom was sitting on the stoop.
I'll eat an apple.
Let's go sit in the car until the rain stops.
A bear is bigger than I.
You must be so proud of her.
You must be so proud of her.
You must be so proud of him.
You must be so proud of him.
I'm the one who should be thanking you.
Please speak slowly and clearly.
This picture is horrible.
This picture is horrible.
Thanks for waiting so long.
What a terrible day!
The day is not over yet.
I went to bed at 9pm, but fell asleep at 10pm.
Tom must be hungry.
What makes them special?
Here's my chance.
Love lasts.
You remind me of myself at a young age.
Hold the rope.
Tom hates his life.
That was very funny.
Hey, wait a minute.
I felt terrible.
Tom is resting now.
I signed the check.
Is it hard to fool you?
Is it hard to fool you?
You're all crazy.
Tom broke his leg.
I cooked this especially for you.
I cooked this especially for you.
I cooked this especially for you.
I cooked this especially for you.
The game is not over.
Tom ate something.
I want to change my shirt.
You need a holiday.
You need a holiday.
Be quiet, he whispered.
I'm going to need some more money.
I'm going to need some more time.
You're a pig.
I hope it's useful.
I hope it's useful.
Canada is to the north of the United States.
I can't let you risk it.
I can't let you risk it.
I love to see people's reactions when I tell them who I am.
I erased my name off the list.
Tom is proud of his students.
He is a writer and a statesman.
You are like cassandra.
What the fuck are you talking about?
I love to watch people's reactions when I say who I am.
Is your room clean?
Is your room clean?
It is easy to see the fault of others, but it is hard to see one's own.
Keep them.
Keep them.
Examine this.
Examine this.
You'd be stupid to trust Tom.
You'd be stupid to trust Tom.
Nobody's forcing you to do that.
Nobody's forcing you to do that.
I hope Tom's behaving himself.
Tom went into his bedroom.
Tom went into his bedroom.
Maria named her dog Rex.
I hung up the phone.
Do you mind if I take my shirt off?
Guess what his name is.
Guess what his name is.
They eat raw meat.
Tom never really wanted to sell his house.
I guess everyone makes mistakes.
Freeze!
I've been trying to handle this myself.
I guess I'm in big trouble.
Tom would've been very proud of you.
Why don't we just agree to disagree?
The economy is growing fast.
They have a very good curriculum at that university.
Tom rarely makes mistakes.
I just want this to be over.
I fell asleep.
We fell asleep.
I fell asleep.
I fell asleep.
Am I still under arrest?
We're wasting water.
Tom is very active.
What does this device do?
Can I see the report?
Can I see the report?
Tom put his pistol under his pillow.
I've decided to stop studying French.
How do you think Tom will cope with the situation?
Let me win for once.
I understand the consequences.
Tell Tom I've broken a leg.
Tell Tom I've broken a leg.
They're preparing for another attack.
Don't you dare do that.
May I hang up your coat?
Tom reminded me to pay my bills.
Tom is quite courageous.
I could do with some water.
Tom said it was an accident.
Of all the languages I've studied, French was the easiest.
Of all the languages I've studied, French was the easiest.
Who sent you those roses?
I want to gain time.
I should've gone camping.
I was just kidding when I said that.
Well, nobody is perfect!
I guess Tom got our message.
I agree with everyone else.
Who paid you?
Who paid you?
Tom adjusted his glasses.
You're a funny guy.
Our teacher seldom laughs.
You weren't wrong.
Hey, I can't help you.
Hey, I can't help you.
Let me give you a kiss.
That's pretty sad.
The bank is on the left.
What time does the market open?
I think you've asked enough questions.
We ordered Chinese food.
That's good for a first try.
That's quite a shiner.
Why did you kiss me?
I thought Tom would make breakfast.
I thought Tom would make breakfast.
I thought Tom would make breakfast.
I thought Tom would make breakfast.
You're drinking out of my cup.
I saw Tom go inside.
I am a very sad man.
Tom failed to escape.
Tom was helpful.
Call if you need anything.
Tom said he had nowhere to go.
What a loss!
Everybody wins!
How many weeks of vacation do you have?
I'm not going to allow that.
I warned them not to come here.
I warned her not to come here.
I warned him not to come here.
He gave her a big kiss.
I didn't do it for money. I did it for fun.
Tom hid the money in his underwear drawer.
I kissed her on the cheek.
I hate people who talk like that.
The moment he saw us, he ran away.
Meet me at the library.
Read it back to me.
Mariko studied not only English but also German.
Who's dying?
He didn't die in vain.
Tom says he can't find his hat.
Tom came up to me after class and asked me a few questions.
How long do I have?
I will devour you little girl.
What a great story!
How drunk are you?
I hate people who talk like that.
Tom died in the explosion.
Can one person make a difference?
My daughter is going to buy new furniture.
Who would do such a terrible thing?
The new computer is ten times faster than the old.
The bomb didn't detonate.
I wanted to replace it anyway.
I wanted to replace it anyway.
I knew that she had drawn well in her childhood.
She did not find it funny.
He did not find it funny.
I don't want to discuss this now.
They went on a voyage.
I prefer black.
As far as I know, she hasn't left yet.
Tom said he didn't find it funny.
He dropped in on me.
I never feed my dog raw meat.
I won't allow that to happen again.
You still have a lot to learn about women.
You have a lot to learn about men.
I've seen the movie twice from start to finish.
Put the radio on, please.
Put the radio on, please.
Tom is just kidding.
Here are the details.
Click here for details.
The house stands on the hill.
That tie suits you.
My mother died on the same day I got married.
My mother died on the same day I got married.
His passport was stolen.
Her passport was stolen.
I think you should grow a beard.
I think you should grow a beard.
The cup is on the table.
Tom hates being left alone.
Don't let her drive.
Don't let her drive your car.
I feel her pain.
I feel his pain.
Tom returned the book to the library.
How did you find that out?
Please stop laughing.
You need to get some rest.
I can't let them catch you.
I can't let them catch you.
I don't want you touching my stuff.
No cross, no crown.
Love will survive.
We aren't serious.
That's the choice we made.
The barn was empty.
Tom was a good husband and a wonderful father.
I only did it for your own good.
I only did it for your own good.
Hopefully, we'll win.
Hopefully, we'll win.
I really hope I'm wrong.
Let's get home before this rain gets any stronger.
Don't tell me you stole it.
Don't tell me you stole it.
Don't tell me you stole it.
Don't tell me you stole it.
Have you played The Legend of Zelda?
Have you played The Legend of Zelda?
He had to pawn his watch.
I know Tom is hiding something from me.
Tom left his key on the desk, as he usually does.
I know you're hiding something from me.
I know they're hiding something from me.
The train arrived in London.
I know he's hiding something from me.
I know she's hiding something from me.
I heard you're raking in the money.
I hope she's wrong.
The baby is called Tom.
Can I change the subject?
We've got a great team.
I promised Tom.
Hey, where are we?
Tom doesn't like coffee with sugar.
I wanted to talk some more, but she hung up.
Tom asked a question.
What an amazing story!
Do you think Tom can swim?
We agree on that.
You're spending too much time on the computer.
You're spending too much time on the computer.
You're not supposed to go hunting without a license.
I asked her out and she said yes.
He went fishing.
I want to spend the rest of my life with you.
Do you think we can get there in time?
I did warn them.
There were too many people at the concert.
John said that he had met this man at the conference.
It happened more than once.
You've been warned more than once.
The tourist unfolded his map.
We're not friends, we're just coworkers.
I don't want to be cruel.
People need to stop hating.
I saw the boy in brown shoes.
The cost of living has risen.
The death of her husband changed her life completely.
It was time to leave.
I guess you didn't get my message.
I would like you to trust me.
I would like you to trust me.
I would like you to trust me.
I would like you to trust me.
I would like you to trust me.
I would like you to trust me.
Tom called me an idiot.
I paid 10 dollars for it.
I paid 10 dollars for it.
You were at my wedding.
You were at my wedding.
You were at my wedding.
I like the ocean.
I don't care if our team wins or not.
I wish you were wrong.
I wish you were wrong.
I wish you were wrong.
I'm tired of playing games.
We're unlucky.
I'm desperate.
We can't win.
I will never break the law again.
She fell asleep the moment the teacher started talking.
Tom fell asleep as soon as the movie began.
Lancelot fell in love with King Arthur's wife Guinevere.
I'm afraid I have some bad news for you.
I'm afraid we have some bad news for you.
I feel like I want to kiss you.
He fell asleep on my shoulder.
I fell asleep on her shoulder.
I fell asleep on his shoulder.
I fell asleep on his shoulder.
I fell asleep on her shoulder.
I opened the cages.
What would you like to do today?
Don't worry. There's nothing wrong with you.
Don't worry. There's nothing wrong with you.
How was the trip?
I kissed her on her forehead.
A lot still remains to be done.
Don't smoke on an empty stomach.
Don't smoke on an empty stomach.
Don't smoke on an empty stomach.
Don't smoke on an empty stomach.
Tom eagerly ate the apple I gave him.
The medicine made me sleepy.
The medicine made me sleepy.
Do you think our team will win?
I suspect Tom knows more.
Tom is lying on the bench.
I should get some rest.
Should I give the signal?
Should I give the signal?
I'm sick of waiting.
Are you courageous?
We need assistance immediately.
Tom is proud of his good grades.
Tom looked tired.
It was so foggy I couldn't tell who it was.
What crime did you commit?
What crime did you commit?
Did you hand in your essay on time?
Tom is learning JavaScript.
You should hand in your homework by Friday, at the latest.
I kept all his clothes from when he was a baby. Do you want them?
Why are you doing this to yourself?
I can't do it alone. You have to help me.
I can't do it alone. You have to help me.
Hey, I want to help you.
I don't really want to eat Chinese food tonight.
It's normal to be worried.
Dreams came true.
Do you like giving advice?
Give me this hat.
Please help me with my homework.
Can you help me with my school project?
More time will be needed.
What should I do in the meantime?
I gave birth to my first child last year.
Where did you learn to shoot?
Where did you learn to shoot?
Stop touching me.
How lucky you are!
How lucky you are!
How many steps does this staircase have?
How lucky you are!
The animals were restless.
We bought the car for $12,000.
I really like you with a beard.
I really like you with a beard.
I don't have a choice. I have to do this now.
Did you buy juice?
Happy International Women's Day!
She isn't lonely anymore.
I taught my sister how to drive.
He lived a hard life.
There are so many languages in the world but there is not any word that can express how much I love you.
I was made to open my briefcase.
How about a cup of tea?
My mother has been in the hospital until recently.
My father did not let me marry him.
My father didn't allow me to marry him.
My father didn't allow me to marry him.
My father did not let me marry him.
Tom looked into the coffin.
Tom owns a restaurant on Park Street.
I ate way too much.
Tom isn't dying.
It's a long journey.
That's relatively easy to do.
I wouldn't want to be a judge.
Tom didn't kiss anybody.
Tom didn't have a lot to say.
Tom doesn't want to leave.
I'm not hiding from anybody.
What else are they hiding?
I feel like playing, too.
Unfortunately, the plan backfired.
I hate rain.
Why does your brother hate me?
Tom is dying, isn't he?
I have a message for you.
I paid in cash.
I paid in cash.
I always thought Tom would outlive me.
He studies economics at university.
When can I get out of here?
They changed the system.
Tom paid the driver and got out of the cab.
I have to win.
You shouldn't sleep with him on the first date.
Tom removed his jacket.
I'm proud of that.
I'm glad Tom won.
I'm glad we won.
I'm very proud of that.
I'm proud of my family.
I'm proud of this team.
I'm sad to be leaving.
Do you want to spend the rest of your life with her?
I hope you can hear me.
I hope you can hear me.
Nadiya Savchenko is a real living legend.
Aren't you a little young to be doing this?
Aren't you a little young to be doing this?
Why are you so good at explaining things?
Don't get near that dog.
Hey, dude.
Keep still!
I protest!
Sold out.
Hate hates hate.
Time is eternal.
Many admire her.
Many admire him.
Are you online?
They vacationed together.
Water is amazing.
There are no exceptions.
In the human body, we find: hair, forehead, eyes, ears, nose, mouth, jaw, cheeks, beard, teeth, tongue, etc..
If you want to get out of here alive, listen to me.
Sometimes it can be frustratingly difficult to find vegan wine or beer.
Are eggs a good source of protein?
He goes to bed at eight o'clock.
My dream is to study abroad.
You're just idiots.
Thanks for reminding me.
Thanks for reminding me.
What if I'm wrong?
Don't touch this with your dirty hands.
You've taught me so much.
You've taught me so much.
You've taught me so much.
He was in a terrible state.
I never really studied C++ beyond "Hello, world!"
Let me guess.
I stopped listening to the radio.
Did you come from a musical family?
Did you come from a musical family?
What is your favourite number?
I've already written my part of the report.
I've already written my part of the report.
We sat on the bench in the park.
It shocked me.
There was no need to call the doctor.
I traveled to Paris.
You escaped.
Don't waste your life on meaningless things.
Tom sorted the mail.
This ancient table is still in use.
He put the key on the desk, as he always does.
If you want, you can use my table.
They were fighting.
He lives beside the sea, but he doesn't know how to swim.
Please don't touch the flowers.
Please don't touch the flowers.
They studied the map, trying to find a shortcut.
I usually eat outside.
You can't make a good meal without good ingredients.
She'll end up being fed up with it.
Don't move till I get back.
Don't move till I get back.
I'm not that good at writing songs.
I'm not that good at writing songs.
Where does this path take you?
Leaves grow on branches.
Tom hasn't committed any serious crimes.
Tom is still learning the rules.
Take your hands off my things!
Tom has gray hair.
I told you Tom shouldn't be trusted.
She's the official spokesperson for Tatoeba.
The water is waist-deep.
The Mona Lisa has an enigmatic smile.
I thought you were a decent young woman.
This company sold unsafe products.
This company sold unsafe products.
Her skin was almost translucent.
Her skin was almost translucent.
She will give birth soon.
She suffers from claustrophobia.
She married an American GI after the war.
Do you take sugar in your coffee?
What do you think of school uniforms?
They went to the museum of natural history.
She risked her life for it.
She risked her life for it.
She risked her life for it.
I risked my life for it.
I risked my life for it.
I risked my life for it.
He offered to carry my books.
We risked our lives for it.
We risked our lives for it.
We risked our lives for it.
Is your daughter blind?
Are you interested in the job?
Are you interested in the job?
He has a great body.
She has a great body.
I was trying to be funny.
I was trying to be funny.
Tom taught me to read.
Tom thought I was crazy.
I wish I had brought my computer.
Have you seen me dance?
Have you seen me dance?
Have you seen me dance?
Have you seen me dance?
She has no fashion sense.
She has no fashion sense.
She has no fashion sense.
Your true friends will never let you down.
Girls like to play house.
I can easily tell if someone is a good person or not. If I like him, he's good; if I don't like him, he's bad.
What's in the file?
Normally, I'm a very peaceful man. But if my family is threatened, there's no telling what I'll do.
She tried to hide her tears.
I want to watch her suffer.
I want to watch him suffer.
I want to watch you suffer.
She looked at me suspiciously.
He looked at me suspiciously.
He looked at me suspiciously.
Is it possible that you're wrong?
School is finally over.
I met him online.
Go to bed!
I don't know if she's interested in me.
I don't know if he is interested in me.
Wear a coat - it's cold out!
How long did it take for you to read this book?
I'm going on vacation next week.
What happened to my furniture?
What happened to my furniture?
You are cruel.
You are cruel.
You are cruel.
You are cruel.
It is necessary to examine all possible consequences.
I try to keep current with important news.
The children were on the verge of crying.
I could have objected, but didn't.
They respect you.
He respects you.
She respects you.
She respects you.
She fell in love with a prince.
He's handsome and mysterious.
He's handsome and mysterious.
The check engine light is on.
We rarely go out.
They rarely go out.
She has led a very sheltered life.
I keep in touch with my friends and relatives through Facebook.
It's like magic.
I don't care. I hate her.
I saw it on Discovery Channel.
I saw it on Discovery Channel.
I saw it on Discovery Channel.
He's a lucky guy.
Am I interrupting something here?
Am I interrupting something here?
Tom was noticeably tense.
You should be happy to have a job.
The baby takes after his mother.
How did Tom get out of jail?
There's no one in your bedroom.
It's bad for your back.
This is the hard truth.
It's the story of my life.
All the girls fancy him.
I think I made a mistake.
I think I made a mistake.
I think I made a mistake.
I think I made a mistake.
Guess what I bought today.
Guess what I bought today.
I know his secret.
I know her secret.
I know her secret.
You must do exactly as I tell you.
You must do exactly as I tell you.
She's lonely and unhappy.
She's lonely and unhappy.
He makes me feel special.
Never trust a politician.
We broke up on Valentine's Day.
I love Titanic!
I've lived a long life.
I've lived a good life.
I've learned so much.
I've learned so much from you.
I've learned so much from you.
I've learned a lot from you.
I've learned a lot from you.
I'll try to be quick.
I'll try to be quick.
I've had enough of Tom.
I returned the book to the library.
Robert Deniro made a cameo appearance in the movie.
I know this is stupid.
She drank a sports drink.
Have you seen me dance?
Have you seen me dance?
I will make it without a car and on time.
I live nearby.
Tom waited nearby.
I'm already starving.
Heroes like that are the pride of one's country.
I've always hated this place.
I've always hated this place.
I've never kissed anyone over thirty years old.
I hate to run the risk, but I have no choice.
I know it's an experiment.
It's an in-joke.
The president is flying to the city in a helicopter.
She asked me to leave the room.
Tom held his breath for a moment.
Tom can hold his breath for five minutes.
Tom says he can hold his breath for three minutes.
Tom can't wait to get started.
Tom can't wait to get started.
Tom can't wait to get started.
I threw away my shoes.
We must learn to live in peace with each other and with the environment.
They gathered flowers together.
It took me a long time to fall asleep.
It took me a long time to fall asleep.
You're one of the most interesting women I've ever met!
He took her hand and sat down beside her.
He complained about the food.
They're in a long-distance relationship.
He gave her mouth-to-mouth resuscitation.
She gave him mouth-to-mouth resuscitation.
He had no desire to kiss her.
When she heard the news, she leaped from her chair.
I know him quite well.
The squirrels jumped from branch to branch.
The squirrels jumped from branch to branch.
I gave him a huge hug.
I gave him a huge hug.
I don't want to go upstairs.
I guess Tom is on vacation.
Just remember that.
This is your last chance.
I'm very proud of myself.
I'm happy that it's over.
I wanted to make sure.
I was proud of myself.
I refuse to sit there.
I just want to win.
I just want to win.
It's all right now. It's all over.
It's all right now. It's all over.
Fishing is prohibited in the lake.
You don't need to impress me!
Be sure to dot your 'i's and cross your 't's.
Why would he want to impress her?
Why would he want to impress me?
He told a bedtime story to his son.
Welcome back!
I can take him to the park.
It's an open secret.
There are a lot of Chinese tourists around here.
It was already dark when Tom returned home.
He lives in another state.
He's one of the sweetest guys I've ever met.
I don't think you have anything to worry about.
I hate my sister.
Give me three pieces of chalk.
The dog pursued a rabbit into the forest.
I wonder which of you will win.
The tourists took lots of pictures.
Stop playing with the cat. We have to go.
This is a really stupid thing to do.
You can hear everything.
I've got to find him before he does something stupid.
We've got to find him before he does something stupid.
I know you're not an idiot.
He remembered that he could not swim after he jumped into the water.
I made a huge mistake.
Hey, where were you?
They just wanted to ask me a few questions.
I've brought a cup of coffee.
If you are hungry, you can eat the bread.
Tom tapped his fingers on his desk.
We have used up the coal.
This is my third marriage.
Tom started to get hungry.
Suddenly, he changed the subject.
Tom asked for a pay raise.
Tom laughs like a girl.
Tom began to worry.
The war goes on.
Tom will try to be there on time.
I seldom see her.
I respect people like that.
I passed all my tests.
I passed all my tests.
I passed every single test.
I passed every single test.
I am not a pillow.
I respect people like that.
They always complain.
You're always complaining.
You're always complaining.
You're always complaining.
You're always complaining.
They will order a new desk.
The postal service in this country isn't fast.
It refuses to die.
It refuses to die.
Please turn it on.
Please turn it on.
Please turn it on.
Please turn it on.
The only problem is Tom didn't finish his exam.
I was deeply affected by his speech.
Tom is one of our former clients.
We must give it a coat of varnish.
For a long time I didn't wear a tie.
We need to change course.
What Chinese food do you like?
What Chinese food do you like?
I think I missed something.
Some customs will never change.
That would be very unfortunate.
Things change very slowly here.
This experience has changed me.
This experience has changed me.
Ticket sales will begin Monday.
Ticket sales will begin Monday.
I don't care how much it costs.
I don't care how much it costs.
I don't care how much it costs.
We are drinking grape-banana juice.
You ask a lot of questions.
Hey, Tom, can I ask you something?
You're not different. You're just like everybody else.
Don't you ever do that!
Why didn't you come to my wedding?
I want you to listen to what I have to say.
Tom, I want you to listen to what I have to say.
Will you please just shut up?
He's not worth it.
Tom, what's wrong? Are you in some kind of trouble?
Don't you dare talk to me like that.
If you have any questions, now's the time to ask.
If you have any questions, now's the time to ask.
Something's got to give.
They went on an expedition to the Antarctic.
Mike swims very well.
I'm trying to figure out why the engine won't start.
She inherited her mother's blue eyes.
He used pigeons in his experiment.
Tom claims to have found one of the lost Fabergé eggs.
Fabergé eggs are very valuable.
Bring the hat with you when you come over.
She has never seen the ocean.
There are lots of people who say that's a lie.
I'm sure that Tom will do very well.
I only kissed her once.
I went to the mall with my friends.
You can give the gift of life by donating blood.
I like to learn Chinese and English.
I like white roses better than red ones.
I ran ahead to warn everybody.
Tom collapsed on the couch.
Tom may be in very serious danger.
She may be in very serious danger.
Many young people in Spain are unemployed.
I'm jumping to the worst-case scenario.
He jumped to his feet the moment he heard the news.
I cannot jump to the sea. I don't know how to swim.
He spends pots of money for travelling.
I will be leaving for Australia next month.
Tom picked up one end of the couch and looked under it.
Tom and his friends are playing Dungeons and Dragons in the basement.
I am very happy to see you.
He agreed.
We agreed.
I don't need your protection.
Do you live in the desert?
The old woman got off the bus.
The man ate the bread.
He took over the business after her death.
They couldn't agree on anything.
We couldn't agree on anything.
I heard the good news.
I still haven't paid them.
Do not drink on an empty stomach.
Do not drink on an empty stomach.
What is cultural appropriation?
I like learning languages.
Is your daughter blind?
Where are you going on your date tonight?
Where are you going on your date tonight?
He eventually married her.
Tom doesn't have to worry about me.
Tom doesn't have to worry about me.
Don't ask questions. Just follow me.
Don't ask questions. Just follow me.
She hated him.
Five thousand dollars is a large sum of money.
It's something worth fighting for.
With social media it's possible to find out a lot of information about someone before meeting them.
They don't trust each other.
It takes me a long time to wake up properly in the mornings!
This experiment was unsuccessful.
I hugged her.
It was a computer error.
If you need me, call.
If you need something, just call me.
She is buying bread.
It's terribly hot this morning.
I made a bet.
Tom made a bet.
Which way is the train station?
I'd like to get off at the next stop.
Try to calm down.
We all have secrets.
Don't ask too many questions.
Don't ask too many questions.
Did you hear the news?
I really wanted to help, but after what happened, I already can't tell if I believe you two.
Two children are sitting on the fence.
I'm not about to argue with you - you're drunk.
The exams started at 5 o'clock in the evening.
I'm going to release you.
Tom woke us up.
I don't need other people's things, so I sell them!
That seems reasonable to me.
People treat me with respect.
Tom leaned over to put on his shoes.
Tom leaned down and kissed his daughter on the forehead.
You made a fool of yourself.
You made a fool of yourself.
You made a fool of yourself.
You made a fool of yourself.
I've always wondered about this.
You've got to learn to be more careful.
I studied French in school, but I'm not very good at it.
She's a fashion slave.
Tom promised he'd quit smoking.
You know that's a lie.
You know that's a lie.
Tom taught us a lot.
I lived in Vancouver for two months.
I ended up winning.
Are you ready for the trip?
Are you ready for the trip?
Those are my pants.
His eyes were shining with joy.
Her eyes were shining with joy.
He is going to the concert.
There must be a scientific explanation for this.
Young people don't respect the experience of their elders.
I know we can win.
You can't trust that guy.
Tom is suffering from a loss of memory.
You're a good driver.
Our team could win.
Our team could win.
Our team could win.
Our team could win.
How much can you pay?
How much can you pay?
Tom tried to stop it.
If you invite him, he may come.
If you invite him, he may come.
They are afraid to fly.
They changed it very recently.
How bad is it really?
He took out an egg.
He took out an egg.
I want another cup of coffee.
I want another cup of coffee.
The dog is sitting on the carpet.
Are these dishes gluten free? "Yes, of course, all of our dishes are gluten free."
She is busy typing up reports.
The cat did not have evil intentions.
The cat did not have evil intentions.
Don't feed the dog!
It's a magic number.
You hate horror movies, don't you?
Stop jumping on the bed!
I have just come back from a long trip.
I've got my pride.
The game was excellent.
We'll be thirsty.
Do you know how to swim?
Do you know how to swim?
I'm resting.
Tall trees catch a lot of wind.
Tom is a true leader.
Tom is such a coward.
Tom is such an idiot.
Tom knows how to win.
Tom knows how to win.
Tom lives in a treehouse.
The men all wore hats.
They may be wrong.
It was a good choice.
I refuse to talk to you!
You must be kidding!
You must be kidding!
I'll take care of it right now.
When's your bed time?
When's your bed time?
How accurate is it?
I studied the structure of Ainu families.
We must pay the tax.
I heard him go down the stairs.
I heard him go down the stairs.
If you don't want it, I'll eat it.
If you don't want it, I'll eat it.
Why are you so stupid?
Why are you so stupid?
Why are you so stupid?
We know you're coward.
They have no children, as far as I know.
When are you leaving for Rome?
When are you leaving for Rome?
We're not proud of it.
We really want to win.
You may need a shovel.
You may need a shovel.
Money freed him.
Money freed him.
Stop that thief!
If humans had eyes all around their head, "in front" and "behind" would not exist for them.
You can’t trust anybody over thirty.
Life’s a bitch, and then you die.
Play it again, Sam.
You may be wrong.
Don't forget your passports.
Don't forget your passports.
Don't forget your passports.
Don't forget your passports.
Don't forget your passports.
Tom never yells at us.
Tom often wears a black hat.
Go get Tom a blanket.
The rain is beating against the windows.
You're sad.
You're sad.
You're sad.
You're sad.
It's sad.
You're sad.
You're sad.
The campers sat around the fire.
The campers sat around the campfire.
OK. I agree.
Tom is a wonderful kid.
Tom is a wonderful kid.
This is very good news.
He told me he was going to America.
I didn't need his help.
I don't remember how the story ended.
I don't remember how the story ended.
This is very good news.
Tom really is an idiot.
That was a funny movie.
I want everything you just said written into the contract.
He didn't want to sell the book.
He put on his coat and left the house.
I'm texting Tom.
In childhood, time passes slowly.
I arrived on time.
Tom wants to be useful.
Tom is deaf in the left ear.
You may kiss my hand.
Health is more important than gold.
Men are all the same!
Please give me a cup of coffee.
Please give me a cup of coffee.
The girl is blind from birth.
In China they also study Esperanto.
Today I'm very proud of myself.
You missed the best part.
I usually go to sleep very early.
Tom likes to chop wood.
Nice to meet you.
She joined the army.
The baby's name was Tom.
The blind don't believe in love at first sight.
How stupid he is!
Do you see a boat on the horizon?
I saw a rabbit in the forest.
I worry about my future.
Tom hates foreigners.
I've always wanted to kiss you.
What's your impression of Tom?
What's your impression of Tom?
What's your impression of Tom?
What's your impression of Tom?
The world has five oceans.
Do not feed the ducks.
After I have worked in the garden, I always wash my hands thoroughly.
I don't like it when you bring work home.
I don't like it when you bring work home.
They can't escape.
I'm not arguing with you.
We did great.
How many eggs did Mother buy?
Is Tom still on vacation?
I'm very proud of them.
My mother is afraid of elevators.
Tom is wrong as usual.
There was a moon that night.
You're just a thief like me.
Tom came in thirty minutes too early.
I like to learn the ancient language.
The results were amazing.
Tom helped us save a lot of money.
Tom has always been a pig.
I find it difficult to express my thoughts with words.
I've lived here thirty years.
Pink is for girls.
That was a lie, of course.
He kisses his child a hundred times a day.
I’m sorry, but I don’t want to be an emperor.
Behave yourself, kid!
I am lost for words when you tell me that you love me.
That was a lie, of course.
That's a lie, of course.
Do you think this is stupid?
Do you think this is stupid?
Where is the concert?
Do you think one person can change the world?
That's not how you make porridge.
Please bring me porridge.
He said, "nobody knows how to read" and somebody answered him, "you're wrong, I don't know how to read." That somebody's name was Nobody.
Tom is with a client.
How many times did you kiss her?
Don't scream in my ear!
Can your mom drive a car?
Tom failed the exam.
They need customers.
I've still got a lot to learn.
Why isn't she dancing?
Tom is eating an apple.
The bear ate an apple.
We gave him an apple.
It is stupendous project.
He stole the money.
How hungry are you?
Reading books will make you smarter.
Reading books will make you smarter.
That's why we need to fight.
I like that tie.
Tom is no killer.
Did you find out who did it?
Did you find out who did it?
Did you find out who did it?
Tom is going to the mall.
Tom is a cruel person.
I agree with you guys.
Who ordered this?
Were you sad when Tom died?
What kind of computer does Tom use?
They didn't want me to examine it.
I'm taking the week off.
Tom loves going to the mall.
Tom tried to change the subject.
Tom will pay for everything.
How deep is it here?
Tom hated that photo.
Does money bring happiness?
They're under arrest.
I've got two tickets for the concert. Would you like to come with me?
I've got two tickets for the concert. Wanna come?
My parents hate her.
My parents hate him.
Tom stopped to put on his shoes.
He stooped down to put on his shoes.
The two of them left.
They have agreed to come.
We're both very proud of you.
We're both very proud of you.
We're both very proud of you.
We're both very proud of you.
She has a Japanese car.
We're very proud of that.
We're proud of our team.
How likely is that?
Aren't you going to dance?
Can you make it work?
Tom lived a good long life.
Tom gave me a chance.
Here's the file.
Can we go inside?
Of course, I forgive you.
I paid for them.
Just stop that.
Tom is very helpful.
Coal is not always black.
I'll try to do the same.
It's time to get back to reality.
It's time to get back to reality.
Tom suffers from erectile dysfunction.
I prefer coffee without sugar.
Tom said that he had nothing to hide.
Try putting yourself in my shoes.
Try putting yourself in my shoes.
You mustn't keep a lady waiting.
You mustn't keep a girl waiting.
I could hear them arguing.
I only have one blanket.
I hope you don't mind.
I hope you don't mind.
I won't wait forever.
His mother made him clean the bathroom.
You ask questions, that are unanswerable.
Who's going to pay for all of this?
Who wrote that brilliant article?
Who's this message for?
You may as well follow his advice.
There's nothing to do, so I may as well watch television.
I may as well throw the money away as give it to him.
You may as well do the task now.
You may as well follow your father's advice.
Tom wrote me more than thirty messages yesterday.
There is a desk in this room.
There are four pieces of furniture in the room.
Don't be rude.
I'm looking for a certain old woman.
We have to pick a name for the child.
The nation was growing.
It sounds great!
Tom was too afraid to enter the cave.
I'd like to get married.
You broke the rules.
Everyone pointed at him.
Everyone pointed at him.
God doesn't make mistakes.
God doesn't make mistakes.
A fool with a tool is still a fool.
You know I hate meetings.
You know I hate meetings.
He is very sad.
He is very sad.
She is very sad.
I hate that damn song.
Control is everything.
Is Tom on board?
He returned to Japan after graduating from college.
Don't you dare go there.
Let's find out what's going on first.
Tom read the news.
I'm not going to let you down.
I just kept going.
I won't let you down.
We won this time.
We won this time.
That was so amazing.
Hey, can I help?
Don't swear.
There's no time to argue.
I had a terrible experience.
Tom is going to regret it.
We met on the plane.
Who pays your salary?
Who pays your salary?
The temperature is rising.
Tom drives a truck.
We're not afraid of a fight.
The exam was real hard.
The exam was real hard.
It was a dream.
They bought a new computer yesterday.
He didn't succeed in carrying out his plan.
There is a post office in front of the station.
It's over.
I am a fast swimmer.
Why don't you go to bed?
Why don't you go to bed?
I haven't downloaded the file yet.
She can't be trusted.
She advised him not to borrow money from his friends.
After the movie they fall asleep.
Difficult problems require imaginative solutions.
We agree with you.
We agree with you.
We agree with you.
We agree with you.
You know the difference.
You know the difference.
Tom is going to have a great time.
Tom couldn't keep from laughing.
Do you want to win or don't you?
Tom wanted to destroy it.
It was just a one-night stand.
Please take me to him.
Please take me to her.
Please take me to him.
Please take me to her.
He didn't doubt that Ben had something to do with the crime.
I know all about cows. I love cows.
Is it made of wood or metal?
Is it made of wood or metal?
Is it made of wood or metal?
Is it made of wood or metal?
Is it made of wood or metal?
Is it made of wood or metal?
Tom picked the box up and looked inside.
Please write down what I'm about to say.
She had only a small sum of money.
To what degree can we trust him?
She advised him to go to the hospital.
Tom stirred the soup.
Tom discovered two dead bodies in his basement.
I want to dedicate this song to Tom.
I left my hat on the plane.
We hit the jackpot.
I want to get out of here before anyone sees us.
I have already read today's paper.
I have already read today's paper.
I have already read today's paper.
Shall I carry your bag?
Shall I carry your bag?
Tom knows the secret.
Grow a pair.
Our efforts will soon bear fruit.
I have to rest.
Hey. Where are you going?
I made tea.
He's fighting for his life.
She's fighting for her life.
Tom admitted that he was a thief.
Don't kiss me.
Isn't that sad?
I can't believe Tom knows sign language.
Tom just wanted to earn a little more money.
That's my secret.
We really have a lot to do.
Please leave this room.
Please leave this room.
I respect you.
Tom has kissed almost every girl in our class.
We must keep on fighting.
Tom doesn't agree with me.
Tom unwrapped the package.
If you laugh a great deal, you are happy; if you cry a great deal, you are unhappy.
Tom is a school janitor.
Try not to worry.
You're the one who picked the fight.
They live in a little house.
He's interested in many things.
He's interested in many things.
I just want to ask you a few questions.
That was embarrassing.
Hey, I want to talk to you.
I can't kiss you now.
Their ordeal is over.
I interpreted their silence as consent.
I am so hungry that I could eat a cow.
It's nice to have choices.
He's at the hotel now.
You worry too much about what other people think of you.
Maybe Tom can do it.
Tom can do it all.
It's relatively early.
We're able to do that.
It's a beautiful rug.
I saw Tom die.
I saw Tom die.
Tom just arrived.
Tom talks funny.
I'd suggest you be more careful.
I'd suggest you be more careful.
I'd suggest you be more careful.
I'd suggest you be more careful.
Tom did it all alone.
It was obvious that Tom wanted to kiss me.
She testified against him.
A foreigner? And where are you from?
I have finished my assignment.
We have different needs.
I need glasses to read.
Tom plans to go to college next year.
We're sure to win.
I hope Tom appreciates it.
Somebody's going to pay.
I don't like apples.
Tom is interested in French literature.
I have to attend a meeting.
I have to attend a meeting.
Tom fell asleep on the sofa.
It was obvious that Tom wanted to kiss Mary.
Something is wrong with my computer.
Something is wrong with my computer.
This is a special day, isn't it?
Nobody likes to pay taxes.
This is actually old news.
It's not a secret anymore.
My daughter has been suffering from anorexia for four years already.
Did you sleep here last night?
If actions are stronger than words, why is the pen mightier than the sword?
Can I ask you a personal question?
You couldn't have done this without me.
Tom bought a new winter coat.
She went back to the hotel.
She went back to the hotel.
He went back to the hotel.
He went back to the hotel.
They made sure nobody could see them.
She gave him a kick in the balls.
This is a decent town.
You got what you deserved.
They stole my passport!
She doesn't want to get in trouble.
He doesn't want to get in trouble.
I don't want to get in trouble.
If we'd taken that plane, we'd be dead now.
This was a winter evening.
The people here live a peaceful life.
How many Japanese words do you know?
Is there a direct correlation?
You're gorgeous.
Yesterday I went to the river to catch fish.
What grade did you get on the test?
My mother prepared breakfast.
They jumped.
George Washington was the first president of the Unites States of America.
Salt is used to thaw ice.
Stop listening to this crappy music.
Tom barely passed the exam.
Tom seemed tired.
The women are amazing creatures.
I'm not going to worry about it.
I'm not going to change my mind.
Thank you in advance.
There's no need to yell.
You stole my hat.
You stole my hat.
Online banking is very convenient.
I can't pay the rent.
Did you cheat on me?
Did you cheat on me?
She did a pretty good job.
He did a pretty good job.
Rabbits are extremely social animals.
Fortunately, they were able to escape.
Do you like sweet tea?
She ratted me out.
He ratted us out.
These girls are in trouble.
He drives an electric car.
They slept in the car because they couldn't find a hotel.
He's a lovely young man.
He's a model.
She's a model.
She didn't protest.
He looks like a monkey.
She looks like a monkey.
Still recovering from last night?
I want that report on my desk in one hour.
The cat is hiding under the couch.
Some people are fascinated by shiny new things.
That's a big lie.
The law is clear.
Is that a confession?
Tom drank a lot of vodka on his trip to Russia.
In the year 2012, there will be flying cars everywhere.
Tom is a convicted felon.
Tom is dancing with the ladies.
What's your favorite Japanese word?
Tom didn't want to do something he would regret.
It was obvious that he wanted to kiss me.
The math professor wrote the proof on the chalkboard.
Mathematicians love to prove things.
How serious is this problem?
You're not going in the right direction.
Compared to our house, his is virtually a palace.
Tom is a legend.
That's the bare minimum.
I've only used it once.
I've only used it once.
I've only used it once.
I've only used it once.
Hello? Anyone there?
That's the only way up.
I'm sure Tom won't mind.
My friend died from a wound.
They called him a coward.
Stay out of trouble.
Don't make me kill you.
I'm telling you I had no choice.
I helped Tom clear the table.
Tom should stop his tomfoolery.
Tom wore only his birthday suit.
When does the bus leave?
When does the bus leave?
I've always trusted you.
This is how he earned so much money.
I haven't eaten since breakfast. I'm hungry.
That desert looks like the surface of the moon.
The boat goes down the river.
They say love is blind.
I should be thanking you.
I should be thanking you.
Try to stay awake.
It's for you to choose.
The room commands a fine view of the lake.
Drive more carefully, or you will run into trouble.
Fight with all your might.
Carry the table out, please.
But for your help, he would have failed.
However, they can help him breathe with a machine.
It so happened that he was absent from school that day.
TV has taken the place of radio.
Tom is scared of dogs.
Why are we hiding?
I hear you're well paid.
Tom is a horrible driver.
You sing like an angel.
It's a quarter after nine in the morning.
It was obvious that she wanted to kiss me.
Tom says he doesn't feel tired.
Hey, I'm right here.
Tom is a very rude person.
I disagree with you on this.
Cows are anything but bright.
There was a minute difference between them.
This road is the only approach to the city.
It is a colossally bad idea to drive without a driver's license.
The empty set contains nothing.
I don't need a lecture.
How many hats does your grandfather have?
The water came up to our necks.
Will you teach me how to swim?
The strong wind cut the electric wires in several places.
My cat is thrilled with joy when she gets fish for dinner.
My cat is thrilled with joy when she gets fish for dinner.
Tom was expelled from private school.
Does it only apply to masculine nouns?
Tom arrived in a helicopter.
I don't drive often.
I wish people were more grateful.
I wish people were more grateful.
They need to face the consequences.
I am afraid they both have a bad reputation.
There's not a big difference.
There's not a big difference.
Drive carefully.
I don't want to buy this carpet.
This was my dad's favorite tie.
Tom never told you because he didn't want you to worry about him.
Tom told me it was an emergency.
How could you allow this?
One cup of coffee, please.
Are you trying to escape?
It's been an amazing experience.
It's been an incredible experience.
Tom taught me how to do this.
We were supposed to meet in front of the library.
Tom recently had surgery.
It's hard being a politician.
A light breakfast was served.
Tom always worries about money.
You're the only person I know that can't swim.
I'd like to dedicate this song to Tom.
You are stepping over a line now.
I'll try to say it in English.
I'll try to say it in English.
Mary has more money than we all can imagine.
We rented the apartment.
Let's not argue anymore.
We saw her enter the park.
I didn't buy that book.
Don't worry. You'll get used to it.
Has Tom kissed you, too?
Tom looked awful.
Tom looked awful.
Don't tell me how to drive.
Was Tom a sailor?
He stole her watch.
Tom loves secrets.
Tom won the game.
We don't want to die.
I don't think it's a wolf.
Nobody will ever replace you.
Nobody will ever replace you.
We must respect their wishes.
Tom paid for dinner.
Tom drank the shot of tequila down in one gulp.
You're mistaken.
Tom retired several years ago.
This is an incredible result.
Dubai is trying to diversify its economy.
Fun isn't always funny.
Tom was killed by Mary.
Tom simply can't be trusted.
Everyone hates me.
Tom stole the ring.
Tom is blind.
Tom was a terrible husband.
His hat was very funny.
Most of them are foreigners.
It's a very personal choice.
His salary doesn't satisfy him.
Do you want to turn on the light?
Do you want to turn on the light?
Never trust your enemy.
You're a natural.
You are responsible for the result.
Tom died in the fire.
Tom caught the thief.
Tom changed his name.
Tom hated his mother.
Tom is a wonderful person.
Come downstairs.
Come downstairs.
I've read any and every book in this library.
All but you are wrong.
Although she was tired, she tried to finish the work.
Tom said there was nothing to worry about.
Tom was a wonderful man.
Why do you think Tom was absent today?
Your father would also be proud of you.
I finally found out what happened.
Is your son blind?
I think Tom can be trusted.
I think Tom can be trusted.
They cheated me.
What a bummer.
We'll see how well it unfolds.
Do you think Tom can be trusted?
Do you think Tom can be trusted?
Really? I thought she'd be the last person to get married.
The mother insisted on her children not playing in the park after dark.
It's always dark there.
You arrived on time.
You arrived on time.
Mary was killed with this rock.
Mary was killed with this knife.
Your shoes want mending.
Strange to say, he didn't know the news.
It was you that were wrong.
At first, I thought he was a teacher, but he wasn't.
Tom is nearly blind.
Tom trusts his doctors.
I used to love swimming. It was my favorite sport in high school.
The little boy is crafty.
Tom loves challenges.
You have only to push the button.
Our ammunition has run out.
Her hands were as cold as ice.
They paid for their wine, and left the place.
Tom is learning how to drive.
Don't touch him!
It's a wonderful opportunity.
Tom was murdered in 2013.
Tom said he noticed a difference.
Tom changed the plan.
Tom likes the ocean.
Tom stole a boat.
Tom burned all the pictures he had of his ex-girlfriend.
Tom always keeps me waiting.
I haven't read the report.
We have great teachers here.
You've eaten enough.
Music is a language that everyone understands.
You can't expect any better from an idiot.
She isn't joking.
You get on my nerves!
What will you be doing on vacation?
Tom looked terrible.
I hate cooking, and you?
When can I see my grandchild again?
We know about the suffering.
Don't fell the young trees.
Dogs have masters, cats have servants.
Tom left half an hour ago.
Tom took me to my favorite restaurant on Park Street.
We cannot trust what she says.
The kids are making too much noise.
You don't have to sound like a native speaker in order to communicate.
I prefer this version.
I prefer this version.
Tom makes jokes about everything.
Tom was impressed by Mary.
Don't eat raw vegetables.
She refused all proposals of marriage.
What would you like to do today?
What do you want to do today?
What do you want to do today?
There's no way Tom'll win.
There's no way Tom'll win.
Tom is a school bus driver.
I didn't have the heart to tell him the truth.
Tom noticed the difference.
Tom noticed several differences.
I know you're not serious.
I know you're not serious.
I know you're not serious.
I hope that you aren't serious.
I hope that you aren't serious.
Tell me you're not serious.
Tell me you're not serious.
Tell me you're not serious.
There is a little sugar in the bag.
Why is Tom acting like this?
I was lucky.
Tom left his hat in the car.
Tom left his hat in the car.
He was born at seven on the morning of June 5 in 1970.
The rain prevented him from coming here.
I'm no fool.
The scientists analyzed the data.
He celebrated New Year's Eve alone.
If you don't yet know how to swim, you should learn.
The answer isn't correct.
The fish is still raw.
Remember that, however hard glass may be, it breaks easily.
Have moustaches suddenly become trendy?
The USA is a republic, but the United Kingdom isn't.
That is just silly!
The scientists analyzed the data.
I never found out why.
If a tree falls in the forest, and there's nobody around to hear, does it make a sound?
He should follow my advice.
One cannot defend oneself against stupidity.
My team won the match.
That girl isn't stupid.
In a word, I don't trust him.
She refuses to say what happened.
Tom would never leave Mary.
What lovely legs!
Try to stay connected.
We'll try not to let that happen.
We'll try not to let that happen.
I watched the news.
Applicants must be under thirty years old.
You have no other choice.
You have no other choice.
I don't agree and I will tell you why.
I step out for bread less often than some girls step down the aisle.
The train runs every thirty minutes.
Would you like to run your own business?
Those girls look like guys.
I can take care of that immediately.
There are very rare animals in Australia.
I'll deliver it myself.
They promised.
This is a company car.
Tom never jokes.
On behalf of your grandchildren, save the forests!
I changed my clothes.
I changed my clothes.
I've never told you what actually happened.
Someone's got to take responsibility for the family.
I like your hat.
You should thank me.
I need a stamp.
Our only witness is refusing to testify.
My husband and I prefer to spend time at home together.
The train is leaving soon.
He drank the beer in one gulp.
Maria hasn't watched the news yet.
There's so much I want to teach you, Tom.
The Sun has never claimed that the newspaper is error-free.
I never had to worry about her.
It's time to get your life together.
Her baby lived for one day.
We'll find out who did this.
Romulus was the grandson of Numitor.
I'd like to make a speech.
I passed the exam without studying.
I never had bad intentions.
The word is repeatedly used with that meaning.
She didn't agree with him.
I could order that for you.
I could order that for you.
The natural feed of horses is grass.
Would you like me to order it?
Would you like me to order it?
Would you like me to order it?
Would you like me to order it?
Would you like me to order it?
Would you like me to order it?
Do you want to hold my baby?
Tom won't be able to drive for a while.
Tom won't be able to drive for a while.
Tom is not happy about this.
Would you marry me?
Do you want me to turn on the light?
Do you want me to turn on the light?
The person standing near the gate is Tom.
Tom donated three paintings to the museum.
That's happened to me many times.
Stop wasting everyone's time.
You don't need to lie.
He lives in a completely altered reality.
She spends most of her money on clothes.
Are you here to arrest me?
Did you take note of the telephone number?
Did you take note of the telephone number?
He's forcing me to decide.
Tom is planning a trip.
I got married 8 years ago.
Tom isn't a professional musician.
They didn't stop working though they were tired.
Tom is quite the conversationalist.
I've seen this picture before.
His influence is still potent.
What I don't like about his films is that they're not grounded in reality.
The conference was not a complete success.
Which team won the match really isn't important.
Were it not for your help, I could never succeed.
The police arrested the thief.
The police did arrest someone.
The police arrested the wrong man.
The police warned us to keep back.
The police are asking everyone questions.
The police captured the escaped criminal.
The police caught the suicide bomber before he could detonate his bomb.
The police detained several suspects for questioning.
The police are not here to arrest you.
The police went over every inch of this place.
The police car was driving at fairly high speed.
Everything flows and nothing remains.
You'll be expelled from school.
I hate flies.
Don't ever let me catch you here again.
I didn't know you were staying at this hotel.
Tom refused to tell the police who his accomplice was.
The police could arrest you for that.
The police released him.
The police will put you behind bars.
The police arrested three men.
Do you want me to turn on the light?
Do you want me to turn on the light?
Tom noticed a police car in the rear-view mirror.
The thief was handed over to the police.
Are the police going to arrest me?
I love secrets.
Are you interested in Japanese music?
Are you interested in Japanese music?
Excuse me, but where is the library?
Excuse me, but where is the library?
Tom put his hat on and went outside.
It's a pity that you're leaving Japan.
He isn't cruel to animals.
Tom said that he had never loved Mary, nor would he ever love her.
Tom says that he loved Mary.
Tom says that he loves Mary.
I got a good grade in English.
Tom helped the police catch the thief.
My uncle gave me a pair of shoes.
The garden was surrounded by a wooden fence.
I was in trouble with the police last night.
Tom is very creative.
The police promised Tom that they would look for his daughter.
Tom wasn't the first person the police arrested.
During the US presidential election of 2004, the candidate John Kerry had to hide that he spoke French.
Is there an elevator?
I hate it.
I hate it.
I could hear everything.
In the beginning I did not like him, but now I do.
My sister does not talk very often about politics.
The food in jail was better.
You're in big trouble.
I already have my hands full.
He's a very good friend.
I have a big problem.
Can you get me another pencil?
What are the chances of that happening?
Everything is extremely simple.
Ask your question.
Such words hurt me.
That's a very difficult question.
Our company needs people like you.
It's not possible to live forever.
What exactly is the difference?
I prefer the white wine over the red.
He stayed in at the hotel.
He stayed in at the hotel.
We're proud of our achievement.
Tom couldn't put his feelings into words.
Tom is proud of himself.
Tom is heavily armed.
Tom was paid three hundred dollars.
How about a game of darts?
How much time do you spend on a computer?
What's wrong with my computer?
Did you stay till the end of the concert?
The bread is in the oven.
Do you have any idea how many people were at the concert?
Did you enjoy the concert?
Did you enjoy the concert?
What crimes have you committed?
Thanks to all of you for coming.
It's very unlikely Tom will want to come.
I grew up in this small town.
These are ostrich eggs.
Are you the one who wrote that report?
Are you the one who wrote that report?
Tom couldn't go to the concert because he had to work.
There's something true in what he says.
It's a very important message.
Are you sure she can do it?
Both Mary and Julia are blind.
Both Tom and John are blind.
The squirrel that you kill in jest, dies in earnest.
All men are equal before fish.
All men are equal before fish.
The squirrel that you kill in jest, dies in earnest.
Some people don't like swimming at all.
Please don't feed the pigeons.
My grandfather says he's too old to swim.
My computer cost a lot of money.
Maybe Tom is just lucky.
It was just an accident.
Is Tom swimming?
Maybe there's no difference.
It's extremely dangerous.
It's extremely dangerous.
If Tom doesn't want to help, he doesn't have to.
If Tom doesn't want to go, he doesn't have to.
If Tom doesn't want to go, he doesn't have to.
If Tom doesn't do what we've asked him to do, he'll regret it.
I've had a high fever for three days.
I've been told that you can't be trusted.
I've been told that you can't be trusted.
I've asked around and everybody says that we shouldn't trust you.
I've asked around and everybody says that we shouldn't trust you.
I'm so sick of this song.
Did Tom teach you how to do that?
Is Tom the one who taught you how to do that?
It's hard to take you seriously.
It's hard to take you seriously.
He has really soft facial features.
I'm not sure whether Tom can swim or not.
I'm not interested in what Tom thinks.
I'll teach you how to swim.
I'll teach you how to swim.
Why does everyone hate him?
She gave me a pencil.
She sells books.
He sells books.
Tom is a pig!
I wonder where Tom plans to sleep tonight.
I wonder if Tom can swim.
I want to watch you dance.
I want to watch you dance.
Tom thinks I'm an idiot.
Tom thinks I'm an idiot.
If he tries hard, he'll succeed.
If you leave now, you'll arrive in time.
Breakfast and lunch are included.
I haven't noticed any difference.
I haven't noticed any difference.
Tom is still waiting on the porch.
Tom put sugar in his coffee.
Tom put sugar in his coffee.
They can't handle reality.
How are your wedding plans coming?
Can you change the color of your eyes?
Can you change the color of your eyes?
I know exactly when that happened.
He threw me out of the house.
We could study languages together.
I hear you went to the United States.
When will Tom arrive?
I'm bored with that.
You owe Tom three hundred dollars.
It is often said that Osaka is a city of commerce.
I stayed home to rest.
The man is buying beautiful roses for his wife.
I heard the voice of a man, not a woman.
I told Tom not to go out after dark.
I thought you would want to go to the concert with us.
I thought you would want to go to the concert with us.
I think Tom doesn't know how to swim.
I spent all day in the library.
I spend a lot of time listening to the radio.
It takes you awhile to catch on to things.
I learned how to swim when I was a kid.
I learned how to swim when I was a kid.
I helped Tom do his homework.
I helped Tom decide where to hang the picture.
I heard that Tom doesn't know how to swim.
When are you going to marry her?
When are you going to marry him?
When are you going to marry him?
Are you going to marry him?
Are you going to marry him?
Can you lean forward a bit?
Can you lean forward a bit?
You're treading on thin ice.
You're treading on thin ice.
Put it in the cupboard.
Put it in the cupboard.
Unfortunately, that's not an option.
It's not really necessary to do that.
These are the words that make me cry.
Some of the birds didn't fly.
I knew I could count on you.
I knew I could count on you.
I knew I could count on you.
I knew I could count on you.
While I was reading, I fell asleep.
Miriam wanted to marry Thomas.
They have admitted their defeat.
I'll survive.
Are you prepared to take responsibility?
Tom folded his shirts.
Tom remained behind.
Tom continued writing.
I have to make certain Tom knows what to do.
I have to make certain Tom knows what time the concert starts.
I have no choice but to go.
I have no choice but to leave.
I have no choice but to leave.
I have no choice but to go.
We have no choice but to go.
We have no choice but to go.
I have no choice but to do what Tom asked me to do.
I have an extremely important meeting tomorrow.
I had no idea you didn't know how to swim.
I had no idea you didn't know how to swim.
I go to the library every other day.
She ordered the book from England.
I don't want Tom to know that I got married.
I can no longer trust Tom.
I advised Tom not to go out after dark.
Hey, who are you?
Hey, who are you?
Make sure you're not being followed.
Make sure you're not being followed.
We can swim.
I felt sorry for the poor dog.
I can do it without your help.
I gotta beep out what I really wanna shout.
The glass was broken by someone.
That became a habit.
Find out what Tom is doing here.
Find out what they're doing here.
Find out what Tom is doing here.
Find out what they're doing here.
Don't trust anyone over twenty.
Don't trust anyone over twenty.
Did you really have to yell that loud?
Can you remember how much you paid for this?
Can you remember how much you paid for this?
I like L.A. better.
Do I have to pay in advance?
A little rest would do us a lot of good.
Thanks for learning our language.
I don't need your advice.
We're not fighting.
Tom burned his first dinner.
You didn't warn me.
You didn't warn me.
You didn't warn me.
You didn't warn me.
I'm getting sleepy.
I wonder if she will marry him.
Here today and gone tomorrow.
I look terrible.
You reek of alcohol.
Taxes are too high.
The sun was bright.
Who won the Superbowl?
When will you depart for Berlin?
When will you depart for Berlin?
She is too rich to become a thief.
He is too rich to become a thief.
The horses pull the carriage.
I lack imagination.
I'll start my work on the first of July.
Today I'm going to visit my grandfather's grave.
If you hear the alarm, walk, don't run.
Let us know if you can make it.
She tried to look much younger than she actually was.
Tom seems intelligent.
I hope Tom gets here on time.
I was shocked by yesterday's news.
I was shocked by yesterday's news.
Of all the languages I've studied, French was the hardest.
Tom figured that Mary would like to know the news.
They could've run away.
You could've run away.
You could've run away.
Tom swears a lot.
I am not interested in politics at all.
Don't make a noise while your father is asleep.
Did I wake you?
Did I wake you?
My wife is mad.
I believe it my duty to protect these children.
No one warned me.
No one warned me.
We all die.
Tom made me cry.
That hat cost fifty dollars.
That hat cost around fifty dollars.
Remove your shirt and lie down.
I wrote a reply, but I forgot to press send.
Who taught you this?
Tom drinks six cups of coffee a day.
Where did you learn to write?
I learned to write in school.
I learned to read in school.
Please listen to me carefully.
Please listen to me carefully.
Tom refuses to talk.
Tom isn't a tourist.
Tom sells coffee.
Tom should've left when he had the chance.
You're making a serious mistake.
You're making a serious mistake.
Do you know sign language?
Do you know sign language?
I asked him for his name.
Do you want an apple?
Do you want an apple?
The concert was well attended.
You're the only one I think about.
My teeth are chattering because of the cold.
It was stupid of me to believe Tom.
They hate horror films.
Tom can use my computer if he wants.
Tom filled both buckets with water.
You really are a piece of work.
She must've been beautiful when she was young.
Which one do you prefer, this one or that one?
Which one do you prefer, this one or that one?
Which one do you prefer, this one or that one?
Which one do you prefer, this one or that one?
Which one do you prefer, this one or that one?
Which one do you prefer, this one or that one?
Tom started crying as well.
We've lost contact.
I desire this telephone.
I burned all the letters that you wrote me.
I burned all the letters that you wrote me.
The girl had a large red hat on.
The girl had a large red hat on.
We studied French in school.
We almost got there on time.
Tom took off his glasses and put them down on his desk.
Tom was the owner.
It's a metal box.
Tom is wearing a bathrobe.
Tom took one of the shirts out of the closet and put it on.
Tom continued his relationship with that married woman.
Tom usually starts his day with a hot cup of coffee.
Tom tried to impress his friends.
Tom tried to restart the car, but couldn't.
Tom opened the letter and read it.
Tom unfolded the newspaper and started to read it.
Tom unfolded the newspaper and started to read it.
Tom unwrapped the gift carefully.
Does Tom know how much you paid for that?
Does Tom know how much you paid for that?
She isn't lonely anymore.
He took out one egg.
I want to see the roses.
These ties are very expensive.
He told his children not to make so much noise.
How did you like the play?
How did you like the play?
How was the play?
I probably should've asked Tom that question.
I do not quite agree with you.
I do not quite agree with you.
My pen has run out of ink.
I went up to the 5th floor in an elevator.
Let's take a trip.
Tom stayed at a nice hotel.
Do you think we were wrong?
Do you think we were wrong?
I'm not totally stupid.
Tom says he's having trouble with his computer.
Tom is magnificent.
Why does everyone think I'm stupid?
Can I cancel this ticket?
Can I cancel this ticket?
How can I change this sentence?
I leave this evening.
We agree as well.
As far as I remember, he didn't say that.
Why doesn't the moon fall down?
She hates Facebook.
The problem will eventually solve itself.
Tom hates speaking in public.
Who is this mysterious woman?
I don't doubt you.
Tom says that's a lie.
Tom called my bluff.
I believe men are basically good.
Lightning hit that tower.
I didn't touch it.
We're running out of water.
I don't know what Tom has promised.
Tom laid the baby down on a blanket.
I could pick you up on my way to work.
I could pick you up on my way to work.
Did I do something stupid?
You can't change people. They have to change themselves.
Did you break it?
Make a guess.
Never trust your enemy.
Yes, don't worry!
Yes, don't worry!
He entered my room without permission.
My legs feel heavy.
I'd like an explanation.
Tom likes to watch sports on television.
What happened was horrible.
What happened was horrible.
What happened was horrible.
Tom is proud of his past.
Tom promised he wouldn't tell anybody.
Tom tried to warn us all.
I got married three years ago.
We didn't buy it.
We didn't buy it.
My boss is an idiot.
My boss is an idiot.
We still have a long way to go.
Tom stole everything.
We're just lucky.
I'm glad they won.
I'm glad they won.
I didn't touch it.
I didn't buy that.
Tom says he needs a hat.
Tom hates his last name.
The concert wasn't very good.
March is the third month of the year.
Tom ran upstairs.
I just want to ask you a few questions.
I agree with you that we should try again.
I learned to drive when I was fifteen.
They're refusing to work.
She chose a hat.
Why does everyone think I'm stupid?
I hate school.
I started crying.
These boxes are the same size.
I can teach you if you want.
I can teach you if you want.
Don't touch it.
Don't touch it.
Thanks to you, I arrived on time.
Thanks to you, I arrived on time.
Thanks to you, I arrived on time.
Thanks to you, I arrived on time.
We can still get there on time.
I think you've made a terrible mistake.
He stepped on a Lego.
An offer like that is not to be refused.
I am leaving next week.
The woman cries before the wedding and the man afterwards.
I made a lot of money.
I am counting on you.
I've won three times.
I'm very, very lucky.
I can't lose weight.
I didn't need this.
I didn't need this.
There are a few mistakes in your report.
There are a few mistakes in your report.
There are a few mistakes in your report.
I'm almost certain it was Tom who stole my wallet.
I've already tried that.
We love our customers.
I rarely make a mistake.
Please give me a pencil and some sheets of paper.
Tom bought a drink from a vending machine.
His kindness touched me.
Her kindness touched me.
There's no turning back.
There's no turning back.
I disagree with you on this.
You can't change the past.
You can't change the past.
Keep your eyes wide open before marriage and half shut afterwards.
I wish Tom luck.
I wish I was wrong.
Tom wanted to ask many questions.
It doesn't sound natural to me.
There's nothing else to discuss.
He's swimming.
No fewer than 50 passengers were killed.
Choose whatever you want.
Choose whatever you want.
Tom left the building at about 6 p.m.
Please advise me on what to do.
The homework was so complex that no one in class finished it.
The porridge was burnt.
I gave him a kiss on the cheek.
I will live forever.
How dare you laugh at me?
I rarely see him.
I'm going to live forever.
You'll be in trouble.
Tom stole your ring.
Tom stole your ring.
Tom stole your ring.
Tom stole your ring.
Tom stole her ring.
Tom stole her ring.
Tom stole his ring.
Tom stole his ring.
Who's driving?
I've already sent you the money through PayPal, so don't worry.
The earth is round, not flat.
Take any train on track 5.
He ate everything that was on his plate.
It's a green card marriage.
Are you hungry? "No, not really."
These days it's important to know how to drive.
Does Tom know about this report?
The soap is finished.
Do you want to learn English?
Do you want to learn English?
We all deserve a chance.
You're the one who should be worried.
You're the one who should be worried.
You're the one who should be worried.
You're the one who should be worried.
Stranger things have happened.
Why are you all sad?
Have you finished your question?
I didn't ask questions.
They stayed up all night.
All you do is complain!
Which sentence do you prefer?
All you do is complain!
They're all thieves.
All the prisoners escaped.
Prince Charles has big ears.
I haven't got a chance. "Yes, you have!"
I hate that color.
Fine, Tom. Have it your way.
I hate people like Tom.
I see him very rarely.
I'm not ready to die.
I'm not ready to die.
I'm not sure I agree.
I'm not sure I agree.
I won't fly in a plane.
Oh my God, she's wearing the same dress as me!
Oh my God, she's wearing the same dress as me!
Oh my God, she's wearing the same dress as me!
I wouldn't trust you.
I wouldn't trust you.
I think it was an accident.
I prefer to study at night.
I prefer to work at night.
Tom looks very unhappy.
The train has not arrived yet.
I wrote down that telephone number.
They trusted you.
They trusted you.
I'm not a genius.
We'll change it.
The foreign minister attended the talks.
The boy pronounces the words well.
I won't marry you.
First, we have to find out where they live.
Tom's hiding something, too.
We women want you men to know that we don't agree with you.
It's not even funny.
Please do not buy it.
Please do not buy it.
Please do not buy it.
Please do not buy it.
Please do not buy it.
Please do not buy it.
We may not win tomorrow.
I suffered sunstroke.
I suffered sunstroke.
Would you please put the baby to bed?
Will I receive financial aid?
Why do you think Tom hates me?
Why do you think Tom hates me?
Why do you think Tom hates me?
Why do you think Tom hates me?
I'm sorry for making you cry.
I'm sorry for making you cry.
I'm proud of my team.
I'm not armed.
I thought something horrible had happened.
I slept on a park bench.
I have a long way to go.
I have a long way to go.
My grandfather no longer drives.
That's your signature, isn't it?
That's your signature, isn't it?
I don't play any instrument.
Iron is harder than gold.
We're going inside.
We're leaving now.
I'll arrange a meeting with them.
I'm a school teacher.
Tom wanted to play another game.
Tom ate all the bread that I bought yesterday.
I used to trust Tom.
I used to drive a truck.
I used to live near here.
I used to wear a tie to work.
Tom used to get good grades.
Tom used to never wear a hat.
Arabic is read from right to left.
I'm not used to being yelled at.
I'm used to Tom always yelling at me.
I used to wear ties, but I don't anymore.
I'm used to people not agreeing with me.
This will take some time to get used to.
Tom said he couldn't remember his own phone number.
I decided not to buy perfume.
I hope you come to my concert.
I hope you come to my concert.
I hope you come to my lecture.
I hope you come to my lecture.
I hope you come to my concert.
I hope you come to my concert.
I hope you come to my lecture.
I hope you come to my lecture.
The sofa is comfortable.
This will have to be replaced.
The water comes straight from the glacier.
Tom began to dance.
Have you seen Tom dance?
Have you seen Tom dance?
I'm satisfied with my current income.
She is deaf to my advice.
She must be on cloud nine.
Can I be of any service to you?
I've already been shot twice.
She sent him a message.
I want our team to win.
I want us to stay in an expensive hotel.
I want my parents not to worry.
I want to get out of town.
I want to pay for it now.
I want to make sure Tom is OK.
I want to know what I'm buying.
I want to get out of this town.
I want to find out what's going on.
I want to ask you some more questions.
I want to ask you some more questions.
I want to hear your version of what happened.
I want to hear your version of what happened.
I want you to promise me that.
I want you to promise me that.
I want you to make a choice.
I want you to make a choice.
I wanted my parents to be at my wedding, but they refused to come.
I hope we don't have to sell our house.
I hope we don't have to sell our house.
Why should I trust you?
Why should I trust you?
I want to make sure that doesn't happen.
Can we really trust Tom?
Can you think of any examples?
Can you guess what's in this bag?
Can you guess what's in this bag?
He's always complaining that he doesn't have time for anything.
She went on speaking.
I'll eat the apple.
I was asked to be quiet.
They made a strange discovery.
I don't want to swim.
This is very good soil.
Space travel is dangerous.
Tom spends all his time on the computer.
The train leaves at six.
You're trustworthy.
What's happening to you? Do you trust that person?
He died in that big fire.
I feel like a fool.
She took me under her wing and taught me everything she knows.
I feel like a rest.
If you do that, you'll be making a fool of yourself.
How big is the company?
Be careful not to fall asleep at the wheel.
Be careful not to fall asleep at the wheel.
I failed the exam because I didn't study.
I failed the exam because I didn't study.
He thought it was stupid.
Tom didn't attend today's meeting.
I need to rest.
I'm sick of hospitals.
Our meeting was quite accidental.
Tom is absent because he's sick.
I'm sick of eating the same thing every day.
Who paid for that?
You'll pay for this.
Don't tell me how to spend my money.
Don't tell me how to spend my money.
Don't tell me how to spend my money.
Tom drank out of my cup.
The house started shaking.
I couldn't hear what they were saying.
I couldn't hear what they were saying.
Can you hear what Tom is saying?
Can you hear what Tom is saying?
Good night and sweet dreams!
There's a helicopter waiting for us on the roof.
Is it really worth the risk?
I've lived here most of my life.
Hang the painting.
Tom sat on the balcony and read the newspaper.
Here comes the bride!
He disclosed his intentions.
Do you want to listen to the radio?
Do you want to listen to the radio?
Could you turn on the radio?
Could you turn on the radio?
Tom asked me a lot of questions.
Would you mind if we asked you a few questions?
Would you mind if I asked you a few questions?
Let me ask you a few questions.
Let me ask you another question.
It's an extremely complicated process.
I have no idea where Tom keeps his passport.
Tom seldom writes to his parents.
This should be thrown out.
Well, what did you find out?
Well, what did you find out?
Well, let's go find out.
I got back from Europe in September.
You're taking a big risk.
You're taking a big risk.
Please turn on the television.
Tom pushed the gate open.
She played an important part in this project.
What difference does that make now?
I'm doing my homework now.
Have you gone completely insane?
A lonely old man lives there.
How long is the flight from Tokyo to Hawaii?
He has a big truck.
You have to promise not to tell anyone.
You have to promise not to tell anyone.
You have to promise not to tell anyone.
You have to promise not to tell anyone.
What symptoms have you noticed?
What symptoms have you noticed?
Does Tom always talk this much?
I never want to get married.
I feel weak.
Tom seldom laughs.
Tom plans to fight.
Don't believe the media.
Don't believe the media.
Do you know how many eggs Tom bought?
Do you know how many eggs Tom bought?
She gave him a piece of paper.
My computer works fine now.
I said stop this now!
I said stop this now!
It's only a theory at the moment.
Tom always goes to bed before midnight.
It was a private message.
Thank you for reminding me.
Is it true you got married?
Tom started yelling at the top of his lungs.
Why is Tom making us wait so long?
I heard the voice of a man, not a woman.
Galileo's father, Vincenzo Galilei, was a well-known musician.
You trust him completely.
Do we have any sugar left?
Did Tom say why he was leaving?
You're not going to win.
You're not going to win.
You're not going to win.
You're not going to win.
You're not going to win.
What are you going to wear?
You shouldn't get married.
You shouldn't get married.
I was so hungry that I ate it.
I was so hungry that I ate it.
The prince is waiting.
Fruits come from flowers.
She was lonely.
The full moon is beautiful.
Pink is not a natural hair color.
I don't think that you should worry about it too much.
I don't think that you should worry about it too much.
People say that Homer was blind.
Who made dinner?
Can you advise me on what I should do?
Can you advise me on what I should do?
Breakfast was very good.
He picked up a stone.
Grab the rope.
Tom often brings his work home.
You have thirty messages.
We knew Tom would win.
You should treat people with more respect.
Tom leaves in a few days.
That's what I'm so proud of.
I'm expecting Tom to win.
I enjoy watching Tom dance.
Tom will pay for it one day.
I'm proud of all of them.
We didn't want Tom to leave.
We ran down the hill.
He advised him not to go there by himself.
I don't even know how to dance.
You'll pay for what you did to me.
You'll pay for what you did to me.
You'll pay for what you did to me.
The room in which the exam was being held was very hot.
Tom doesn't like being contradicted.
Tom sued his neighbor.
I closed my eyes and listened to the sound of the ocean.
I closed my eyes and listened to the sound of the ocean.
How do I know if a girl is interested in me?
She learned to fly many different kinds of planes.
This is the third largest city in Serbia.
I disregarded it.
There's a book, a pencil, and a sheet of paper on the table.
I don't like any kind of sports.
I saw something terrible.
I sell computers.
Tom was very proud of that.
Tom just wants to make sure.
I know it's a crazy idea.
Tom didn't want me to leave.
I knew I could win today.
I considered that.
I can dance.
I'm unhappy.
I'm unhappy.
May I interrupt?
May I interrupt?
I remembered everybody.
He was great.
She was great.
Tom pointed at one of the names on the list.
You're rude.
Tom read the story out loud.
What hours is the shopping center open?
They shouldn't trust Tom.
Marriage is one thing and love is another. Love passes and the husband stays.
Respect yourself.
Respect yourself.
I wrote it all down.
I wrote it all down.
I'm leaving the city.
Tom was very proud of that.
Tom stole money from his roommate.
Tom stole money from his friends.
Tom lives on the other side of the hill.
I opened the box and looked inside.
I don't think we can trust her.
The sun went down behind the mountains.
It's an honor to make your acquaintance.
He was blind from birth.
I've been living in a cave.
I lived in China for six months.
Can I sit here?
Who burned the cake?
I made a wrong turn.
I heard a loud explosion.
Crank up the heater.
Tom still has opportunities.
Tom will never let you down.
I just don't want Tom to win.
Can you give me a better explanation?
Release the animals from the cages.
I hate being sick.
Hundreds of cattle went to the lake.
Some fish are able to change their gender.
Hey, did you hear me?
Tom isn't going to leave us.
I hope you're not making a mistake.
I hope you're not making a mistake.
Tom warned you.
Tom warned you.
Tom warned you.
Tom warned you.
I don't know why they hate each other so much.
Where can I hang my jacket?
I asked you to be quiet.
I asked you to be quiet.
I don't see anyone wearing a hat.
I didn't see anyone wearing a hat.
This song is beautiful and sad.
This song is sad and beautiful.
This song is both sad and beautiful.
Tom says that he's dissatisfied with his body.
What did you study?
The journey is more important than the destination.
You're a genius.
This necktie is too expensive.
You can sleep here. I don't mind.
You can sleep here. I don't mind.
Bring a shovel.
Make a choice.
I wonder who wrote this report.
I feel like I'm wasting my time.
I lived among men and learned to hate them.
Tom asked me for my opinion.
Mary laughed and threw a pillow at me.
I didn't steal it. I just borrowed it permanently.
I didn't steal it. I just borrowed it permanently.
I didn't steal it. I just borrowed it permanently.
I didn't steal it. I just borrowed it permanently.
He's no longer interested in me.
It's a good way to make friends.
It seems that Tom can't swim.
It seems that Tom can't swim.
We don't want to go to your wedding.
We don't want to go to your wedding.
Did you sign?
I had great difficulty at the beginning.
Tom is wearing a black tie.
You've got nothing to complain about.
You've got nothing to complain about.
The odour was disagreeable.
Tom grabbed the rope with one hand.
Tom said he intends to keep his old car.
I don't have anything to complain about.
Do you like your coworkers?
I was very proud of my son.
See if you can make my hair lie flat.
The main character dies at the end of the book.
Tom is in a safe place.
I asked Tom a lot of questions.
Tom lived here for three years.
Tom is exactly three weeks old.
Tom wanted to learn how to read.
I've never enjoyed flying.
I asked a lot of questions.
I think this is a good choice.
She turned round and scowled at me.
I've saved a lot of money.
He bought his daughter a new computer for her birthday.
The search continues.
I'm not going to buy that.
I tried not to make any noise.
I tried not to make any noise.
Everyone tried to sell their stocks.
Everyone tried to sell their stocks.
He sat surrounded by young girls.
I agree with what Tom wrote.
I didn't know Tom was dying.
I advised Tom to not do that.
We thoroughly enjoyed the delicious meal.
She's not the right girl for you.
I don't hate her.
He fell asleep while reading the newspaper.
I'm not into Asian guys.
The only people who do this are tourists.
Why does she hate you so much?
Why does she hate you so much?
I wanted to run away with you.
I hope this will end soon.
Tom is a very good actor.
I didn't ask for details.
I don't know the details.
Tom is proud of his team.
Jim was so tired that he lay down and slept.
Jim doesn't like apples, does he?
Tom never doubted you.
That's good news, isn't it?
Tom seems to be hiding something.
We paid for it.
We paid for it.
Tom started dancing to the music.
I trusted Tom.
I have no respect for Tom.
I'm not kidding!
I sure hope you're wrong.
I sure hope you're wrong.
I believe I can trust you.
Where is your teaching material?
Stop using my stuff!
Stop fighting, you two!
I didn't like it at first.
Tom thought it was a bomb.
Tom says he has no choice.
I'm not satisfied with the quality of your work.
Who'll pay for that?
Tom attended that meeting.
Tom is a professional musician.
I felt I could trust Tom.
I advised Tom to go home.
I advised Tom to do that.
We paid him four dollars.
She paid him four dollars.
He paid him four dollars.
Please don't make me eat that.
I love that tradition.
Do you enjoy studying French?
Tom didn't finish the report.
Tom seldom goes to church.
I don't like to drive in heavy traffic.
What part don't you agree with?
What part don't you agree with?
What part don't you agree with?
Tom seems to agree.
Tom doesn't want to take risks.
Do you put sugar in your tea?
Tom is learning to swim.
Tom is going to regret this.
Tom no longer trusts anyone.
Tell us how to get out of here.
You can depend on Jack.
You can depend on Jack.
Jack can be depended on.
I hate elevators.
Tom is counting on us.
I expected Tom to win.
I can't trust you yet.
I can't trust you yet.
We can't change what has happened.
I seldom eat meat anymore.
The unexpected always happens.
Who am I to complain?
Who am I to complain?
What's our status?
You can't live forever.
You can't live forever.
They gave you another chance.
That was great.
Tom put all his money in a box and hid it under his bed.
You can't live forever.
Tom bought a leather jacket.
You did that on purpose.
You did that on purpose.
Tom paid for it all.
What choice do I have?
They're hiding in the woods.
Hey Tom, I want to talk to you.
Tom complained that his wife was spending too much money.
That was a test.
Tom and John fell in love with the same girl.
Let's find out for sure.
Do you think I'm a thief?
Is it true you assembled the engine by yourself?
I'm saving myself for marriage.
What did you do to my computer?
What did you do to my computer?
Tom went to a private school.
Tom laughed and threw a pillow at me.
There are several possible explanations.
There are several possible explanations.
The weather today is wonderful.
I received your message yesterday.
I received your message yesterday.
I received your message yesterday.
I received your message yesterday.
Tom looks like a criminal.
Where is the ship now?
I don't need a tie.
You're modest.
Try not to cry.
Try not to cry.
Don't you have anything better to do with your time?
Tom kissed her again.
Would you mind if I smoke?
I told them I hated them.
I told them I hated them.
I told her I hated her.
How did you manage to do that without any help?
How did you manage to do that without any help?
Is your gun loaded?
I told them to wear ties.
I told them to wear ties.
I told you to wear a tie.
I told you to wear a tie.
I told you to wear a tie.
I told you to wear a tie.
I told him to wear a tie.
I told him to wear a tie.
Why does she hate me?
Why does she hate me?
Why does he hate me?
Why does he hate me?
Tom was wearing a gray suit and a red tie.
I don't eat at the school cafeteria anymore.
I know a lot of people don't agree with me.
She gave birth to a daughter yesterday.
There is not a physical explanation for this phenomenon yet.
This is an apple.
Where is the cow?
Where is the apple?
Is it a cow?
You're a coward.
Tom checks his blood pressure once a week.
I've always wanted to visit another planet.
I've always wanted to visit another planet.
The teacher told them to stop fighting.
I'd like to dedicate this song to Mary.
I'd like to dedicate this song to Mary.
All the good ones are already taken.
The apple is on the table.
This method has its advantages and disadvantages.
This method has its advantages and disadvantages.
They killed our cows.
I very rarely eat meat.
I told you not to touch me.
I told you not to touch me.
Finally they both fell asleep.
Tom doesn't put sugar in his coffee.
I burned the newspaper.
I burned the newspaper.
I'll need some tools.
We want that to end.
Is this your homework?
Is this your homework?
I hate people who do that kind of thing.
Cows like to eat grass.
I have a bottle of very good wine that I've been saving for a special occasion.
It looked awful.
She is as beautiful as a rose.
It's been a crazy year.
Tom is sure that he'll win the game.
I just think it's funny.
I am a truck driver.
Let me teach you how to do that.
Let me teach you how to do that.
There's no water in the bucket.
Stop hitting me.
Sales were going great.
Send Tom a message.
Tom is no coward.
I will warn him.
I'm not worried about money.
I've decided not to study French.
Please charge this to my account.
Tom wanted to learn to swim.
I've never trusted Tom and I never will.
Hey, you're not Tom.
Don't make me shoot you.
Tom ordered a bottle of wine.
Her son is deaf.
Her son is deaf.
Tom is shooting with a machine-gun.
Tom tried to warn me.
He tried to warn me.
She tried to warn me.
I'd like to eat something else.
It was Tom who asked the question.
Let's change the rules.
If you don't have anything to do, you can contribute to Tatoeba.
We've got good news for you.
We've got good news for you.
Tom doesn't have to buy it.
How long has Tom been married?
Thanks for this useful information.
I'm hoping I'm wrong.
There'll come a day when you'll regret it.
There'll come a day when you'll regret it.
You've saved Tom's life twice.
You've saved Tom's life twice.
You've saved Tom's life twice.
Tom won the election.
Tom taught me French.
I can understand your anger.
It's a bad habit.
I hate it when they do that.
It's sometimes the case that in losing those that we love, we realize how much we loved them.
There is a little water in the cup.
I bought an ancient lamp.
I bought an ancient lamp.
Everybody's concerned about you.
Everybody's concerned about you.
You must succeed.
People don't trust the government.
Hey, where's Tom?
I'll tell you a little secret.
I'll tell you a little secret.
I'll tell you a little secret.
It happened twice.
Tom didn't want to swim.
Tom was very active.
Tom, I want you to listen to me.
Tom will deliver the message.
Tom didn't realize he'd made a mistake.
Tom didn't realize he'd made a mistake.
Tom didn't realize he'd made a mistake.
We need a new truck.
We're not out of danger yet.
You're cute when you're angry.
Tom bent over to pick something up.
Tom bent over to pick something up.
I'd do what Tom advises if I were you.
Can you pay cash?
Do you have something to hide?
In case I forget, please remind me.
In case I forget, please remind me.
Tom left his briefcase on the subway.
Tom easily won.
I want to find out what kind of music Tom likes.
I'm still on vacation.
Have you made friends?
Have you made friends?
I guess I deserved that.
I guess I deserved that.
Tom grew up in a small town.
Tom put his hat on the table.
Music is her passion.
Music is his passion.
Tom drives.
I'll cook you anything you want.
Help! I've been locked in!
The multi-talented kid speaks 5 languages and plays 6 musical instruments.
Tom told me that I could use his computer.
I had a great time last weekend.
Those feathers are mine.
Mary?, Alice whispered.
I look terrible today.
We're not angels.
I'll get to the bottom of this.
There's nothing for you to worry about.
I put the key in exactly the same place where I found it.
Tom quickly changed the subject.
I learned a valuable lesson tonight.
I usually pay my bills on time.
Tom isn't very creative.
Tom won't tell me what he wants to do.
I don't think I deserved it.
I fully agree with this.
I fully agree with this.
Could you prepare the salad?
Could you prepare the salad?
You've got a bright future ahead of you.
You've got a bright future ahead of you.
There's no one missing.
I confirmed the order.
I confirmed the order.
Is this a radio?
I can't believe Tom ate the whole thing.
Tom wrote his name in the sand with a stick.
I don't think Tom was kidding.
I was defending myself.
I was defending myself.
He's in his late fifties.
Where's my coat?
Tom is on board.
I'm very lonely.
You're so rude.
You're so rude.
You're so rude.
You're so rude.
You're so rude.
Tom kissed me before he left.
I didn't follow instructions.
This ring is very expensive.
I don't plan on retiring yet.
Tom wants to change all that.
I know where Tom is hiding.
Sometimes cows are killed by coyotes.
Tom sat down on a log.
I tried to make friends.
I tried to make friends.
I've never flown first class.
I've never flown first class.
I'm sick of this war.
He had earned a lot of money in New York and went back to his hometown.
I have enough money to buy everything I want.
I'm the owner of this house.
I'm very proud of this team.
She's always hungry.
Tom has released a new album.
Tom isn't in any hurry to retire.
Tom isn't in any hurry to retire.
I agree completely with that.
How could you allow this?
Act like a man.
Tom put salt in his tea by mistake.
I can't wait to hug you.
I like stories that have sad endings.
Read it aloud.
Read it aloud.
This dish is eaten without bread.
I know they're hiding something.
Tom didn't tell me his secret.
I think we'll need more food.
I thought you'd like my tie.
I thought you'd like my tie.
I'll be glad when it's over.
Tom asked everyone questions.
Tom claims to be an engineer.
I'm so proud of you.
I'm so proud of you.
Tom left the company in 2013.
Officer down!
Why is Tom acting so stupid?
Why is Tom acting so stupid?
I throw lots of things away.
You can't imagine how hungry I was.
Let's not waste any more money.
We eat soup with a spoon.
Tom was bored with his job.
Oh my God, I look so fat.
Oh my God, I look so fat.
Tom hid the eggs so well that no one could find them.
Why do you say such horrible things about me?
Why do you say such horrible things about me?
How dare you say such things about me?
How dare you say such things about me?
Please don't say such terrible things.
Please don't say such terrible things.
Tom said such awful things to me.
He said such awful things to me.
I said such horrible things to you.
I said such horrible things to you.
You said such horrible things to me.
You said such horrible things to me.
I'm the one who always washes the dishes.
Tom was injured by a manhole cover explosion.
I wouldn't allow that to happen.
It's hard to find a suitable translation.
Can you guess her age?
One student was arrested.
Wolves don't eat salad.
Who'll eat the rest?
Tom is similar in some ways to his father, but in others he's very different.
I know it might sound silly, but it's true.
Don't worry. Tom won't let us down.
You should better not smoke in his presence.
I want to go back to the lab.
Tom was here before sunrise.
Please stop!
Please stop!
Support Tatoeba!
Support Tatoeba!
He's exactly my age.
What colour is the apple?
Here's your desk.
Tom died a half year later.
Tom is an excellent singer.
Let go of the rope.
Grab the rope.
This is your chance, Tom.
I fell down on the ice.
I fell down on the ice.
That was my choice.
Tom told me why he'd decided to study French.
I don't want to retire yet.
Tom is one of our clients.
I think times are changing.
Tom denied that he was the thief.
Tom wants to change that.
You should get married again.
I'm a business man.
We're going to need a loan.
I want a cup of tea.
I really needed this.
They trust each other.
They trust each other.
I retired three years ago.
Go find out.
Go find out.
Please move this stone from here to there.
Please move this stone from here to there.
I've been waiting for the bus for half an hour.
I sure hope that Tom wins.
Drive cautiously.
What fools they are!
I didn't agree to help you.
I didn't agree to help you.
I didn't agree to help them.
I didn't agree to help him.
I didn't agree to help her.
I hate the sound of my voice.
Tom almost laughed.
I strongly suspected that he had been lying.
The right riverside is steep.
I pay my bills on time.
Am I the only one that doesn't agree with you?
Tom was given orders.
Our team did very well.
He went to the library.
Can you recommend me a good book?
She fell asleep while reading.
I asked you to start a campfire, Tom, not a forest fire!
Tom is the best candidate for the job.
Tom is the best candidate for the job.
Could you teach me your language?
I've never shot a gun.
On a separate sheet of paper, describe your best friend: age, where he or she lives, his or her job, etc.
Tom didn't recognize the truck driver.
Tom is a great actor.
Once upon a time there was a king who had a beautiful daughter.
Tom may need our help.
They are gray.
Can you hear me now?
Try to act natural.
I warned you not to come here.
Tom was lonely.
Keep the fire alive.
Keep the fire alive.
He's a good actor and he's also good-looking.
You're magnificent.
What's so special about her anyway?
That joke was funny.
They're all dying.
It's dark now.
The apples which he sent to me were delicious.
Rabbits are social animals.
He is in the library.
Mike has a couple of friends in Florida.
Tom didn't try to argue.
Are they both the same?
You let me down, Tom.
How do you plan to change this?
Tom is very interested in American history.
That was an excellent article.
Tom felt something crawling on his arm.
They trust me.
They trust me.
I haven't worn this tie in almost three years.
I was just trying to stop the fight.
What kind of a wedding do you want?
Hey, listen!
Hey, listen!
Who organized the meeting?
I heard a loud explosion.
Tom may not need our help.
I don't have any reason not to trust Tom.
I have no reason not to trust her.
I have no reason not to trust him.
Guess how much that cost me.
What a wonderful idea!
Where did he hide them?
Money is a good servant but a bad master.
Let me get your bags for you.
I'll never make it in time.
I forgot to hit send.
Tom promised to tell the truth.
I'm strict.
I'm really sorry everything happened the way it did.
You probably shouldn't tell Tom the truth.
I failed the driving test.
Tom doesn't appear to agree.
I think Tom was joking.
I think Tom was only joking.
We haven't discussed that yet.
Together we can change something.
The woman asked why the window was broken.
Congratulations! You just won a million dollars!
I'm having a great time.
Mother prepared lunch for me.
This room is awfully cold.
He went to London to learn English.
The world is a crazy place.
My apples are gone.
There's no other explanation.
Tom, will you stop it already!
I tried not to wake you up.
I tried not to wake you up.
I advise you not to do that.
I advise you not to do that.
Her eyes shone with tears.
Do you really want to spend the rest of your life with him?
I'm proud of him.
I'm proud of them.
Tom would be so proud of you.
Tom wouldn't let that happen.
I have the right to express my opinion.
I hugged Emily.
I advise you to listen to me.
I advise you to listen to me.
I was present at the meeting.
Tom owes me a relatively large sum of money.
Don't let Tom know about this.
I wanted to give Tom a chance.
It was your own choice.
I'm terribly busy.
Tom turned on the gas.
I'm so glad that I was wrong.
I went hiking.
Tom paid cash.
Tom doesn't respect women.
I can't remember where I hid my money.
I agree with you 100 percent.
I agree with you 100 percent.
I didn't really have a choice.
I won't drink this awful water. I won't. I won't! No, no, no, no!
Tom often asks me questions.
Tom opened the car door to get in.
Tom opened the closet to hang up his coat.
I don't agree with you at all.
Tom was finally able to get his car started.
The water was ice cold.
Don't fall asleep.
Tom ordered lunch.
I didn't want to waste so much time.
I didn't want to waste so much time.
Hang up your coat, please.
I'm dying, says Pierrette.
Ah! I'm dying, said Pierrette, falling to her knees. "Who will save me?"
Why did you change the plan?
Why did you change the plan?
Why did you change the plan?
The prospects aren't very bright.
The prospects aren't very bright.
Try not to make a habit of this.
Why didn't you ask for permission?
He was killed.
Tom swims.
It's the minister's first official trip.
It seems that many people don't know the difference between "loose" and "lose".
I need protection.
I hate my body.
Kill him, before he runs away!
The blast destroyed everything.
You taught me a lot.
You can have three guesses.
Tom stroked his chin in thought.
He probably buys them abroad.
I think I added too much sugar.
I have to get home before it gets dark.
Do you still remember your first plane trip?
Tom drinks too much when he's worried.
I'll let you know when I need you.
I'll let you know when I need you.
Tom allowed this to happen.
You've got a lot of work ahead of you.
You've got a lot of work ahead of you.
Does Tom like to swim?
My beard grows quickly.
Tom laughed again.
I believe that I can trust you.
I believe that I can trust you.
Tom is ambidextrous and can use his right hand equally as well as his left.
None of my grandkids have started school yet.
You've made a terrible mistake.
Do you think that was funny?
Tom is waiting on the porch.
We both agree.
We both agree.
I've ordered two teas and three coffees.
Thank God that day's over.
This time I'm not joking.
The girls danced to music.
She asked him out on a date.
She asked him out on a date.
Tom is swimming in the river.
What did you hide?
Societal values change from generation to generation.
The computer's not working.
Do I need a tie?
Tom said he needed to ask me a few more questions.
How can I start the engine?
You'll regret that!
I've decided to leave on Monday.
What did you eat for breakfast this morning?
What did you eat for breakfast this morning?
How old were you when you got married?
How old were you when you got married?
My roommate is crazy.
She married him only because her parents made her.
They needed one another.
Try not to worry about what others think.
Try not to worry about what others think.
Try not to take yourself too seriously.
Try not to take yourself too seriously.
The boy ran away when he saw me.
When I was in school, I dreamed of becoming a pilot.
I doubt that Tom has ever read a book from cover to cover in his life.
I have a lot of responsibilities.
I like this apple, the green one.
How much is this computer?
How much are these potatoes?
Tom fell asleep quickly.
The baby was fast asleep.
The baby is fast asleep.
The baby was fast asleep in her mother's arms.
I have to make sure everything is OK.
I don't have time for guests today.
Do you want to learn how to drive?
Do you want to learn how to drive?
Tom wore a black suit and tie.
I decided not to study French.
Do you prefer tea or coffee?
Tom got a job.
I got a job.
I just got a job.
Tom got a job at a local pizzeria.
I finally got a job.
Tom finally got a job.
I heard you got a job.
Aren't you glad I got a job?
Aren't you glad I got a job?
Dan got a job as a security guard.
I'm not a coward, but I'm not stupid either.
Don't yell at me.
Don't yell at me.
He looked very tired.
He's always joking.
I'm not happy with your behavior.
I'm not happy with your behavior.
It's my passion.
Your parents must be so proud of you.
Your parents must be so proud of you.
The car ran down the policeman.
Shouldn't we give Tom a chance?
She was advised by him not to borrow money from his friends.
Tom will be retiring next year.
I didn't fall asleep.
I didn't fall asleep.
Are you calling me a thief?
Are you calling me a thief?
The pencil is on the book.
Put handcuffs on him.
Is Tom retired?
Which of you was here first?
We need a bottle of juice.
You're the leader.
He is listening to the radio.
My computer is expensive.
I'm too old to dance.
I'm too old to dance.
How much does he pay for gas each month?
Will you come with me to the concert?
Do I look like an idiot? "No, not at all."
Finally, their friendship ended and their close relationship disappeared.
Which cup is yours?
Where do you buy clothes?
Where do you buy clothes?
I gave Tom an apple.
I gave Tom an apple.
He is utterly insane.
He is the future president.
Not to ask is not to be denied.
How much did you pay for that suit?
How much did you pay for that suit?
Hey, where is everybody?
Click on the button to confirm your order.
I hung the painting on the wall.
I hung the painting on the wall.
Can you guess how old I am?
Tom promised not to drink anymore.
It was really horrible.
We won't let you down.
We won't let you down.
We won't let you down.
We won't let you down.
I wasn't at home when the baby took its first steps.
I wasn't at home when the baby took its first steps.
Tom ate my lunch.
Dancing is prohibited.
Steal the money.
Steal the money.
You could at least knock!
You could at least knock!
You could at least knock!
You could at least knock!
Good night. Have sweet dreams.
I want to examine the body of the victim.
Tom shouldn't spend so much.
I want to participate.
Tom asked the stranger who he was.
Tom reached into his pocket for his keys.
Your lips are like roses.
Learning to drive requires a lot of practice.
It had never happened before.
My muscles are tense.
Have you kissed him yet?
Have you kissed him yet?
I've made my choice.
You need a new hat.
No one can replace you.
No one can replace you.
No one can replace you.
No one can replace you.
Tom was crazy.
I can't tell you all my secrets.
Tom would've been very proud of you.
Tom would've been very proud of you.
Is the battery fully charged?
Have you tried turning it on?
Have you tried turning it on?
The elevator is out of order.
This elevator is out of order.
It's excellent.
On the whole I agree with you.
Have you tried turning it on?
Have you tried turning it on?
Tom came here to study French.
Put away the dress in the box after the wedding.
Put away the dress in the box after the wedding.
Don't worry about my dog.
Try to recall what happened.
Who's the woman with the red hat?
The actor played the part with feeling.
Smoke could be seen pouring out of the window.
He's a very disagreeable man.
Great! We'll go together.
Great! We'll go together.
What brand of cigarettes do you smoke?
What is the scale of this map?
This is the best time to fertilize the fields.
One person's vice is another person's virtue.
One person's virtue is another person's vice.
Where did you hide them?
Where did you hide them?
Where did you hide them?
Unlike his father, he was always smiling.
I just heard another explosion.
I thank all of you for coming.
He made a gesture with his hand.
Did you plan to eat all of that yourself?
Please fill this bucket with water.
She found her first gray hair.
It's not our responsibility.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't let that happen.
The Japanese government can't cope with the problem.
Everyone makes mistakes. "Especially idiots!"
She averted her eyes.
I'd like to wring her neck.
We'll have to postpone the meeting.
Every day is a gift.
Every minute is a gift.
Tom taught me to sing.
Second set, Krajicek to serve.
You should've seen Tom dance.
Are you interested in art?
Try not to worry.
Try not to worry.
Try not to worry.
I can't go out on a date with you.
There is a window on your left.
We had a heart-to-heart talk with each other.
He made a lot of money.
They say he was a musician when he was young.
Tom is buying a new house next year.
Do you want to kiss me?
He made a good impression.
She had a white book under her arm.
In those days, there were no radios.
If I had time, I'd visit more exhibitions.
It is his first day of school.
Today is her first day of school.
Is this your first foreign trip?
Someone must've stolen your watch.
Does she like my hat?
This carpet was a real bargain.
Children want fruit juice.
Children like fruit juice.
I bought the pig yesterday.
I bought the pig yesterday.
Tom lost control of his car and crashed it into a tree.
Tom found something on the front seat of his car.
Tom didn't need it.
We have yellow apples.
Tom doesn't trust me anymore.
She hit her boyfriend and broke his nose.
The truth hurts.
Please support Lojban!
A river flows.
Who kissed her?
His words touched her heart.
I get good grades.
The meeting began at nine o'clock sharp.
The meeting began at nine o'clock sharp.
You're special, Tom.
Tom disagrees with Mary.
Mary drives faster than Tom.
I'm inviting you.
Where are they swimming?
Tom told me to treat others with respect.
Do you know somebody who passed this exam?
These green leaves will turn red in the fall.
She took me under her wing and taught me everything she knew.
I was visited by a customer.
You're a very rude person.
You can count on it.
I fully support that.
I'll be ready when you need me.
What do you hate?
What's the difference between science and pseudo-science?
I spent my vacation in Australia.
Aristotle believed that everything on Earth was made from four elements: earth, air, fire and water.
What's Tom hiding?
What other choice did I have?
That was magic.
We would need money.
The smell was terrible.
She helped cook lunch.
What's the difference between science and pseudo-science?
Tom believes that the Earth is flat.
I think it's going to work.
Tom, you look terrible.
She gave him a clock.
He is able to swim quickly.
Dumb as a block of wood.
Don't you walk away from me.
There are too many tourists.
His cheeks turned red.
His cheeks turned red.
We're not interested in such things.
They stole apples from my orchard.
There is a bomb in the plane!
Did he kiss you?
The street was dark.
Is black tea healthy?
Don't touch what isn't yours.
Don't touch what isn't yours.
This is surely the most satisfying victory I have had in some while.
I don't like to argue about politics.
Tom drives too fast.
Pass the salt, please.
Tom shut the window.
Tom didn't find what I hid.
The nail went through the wall.
I don't think that I deserved the punishment I got.
In their eyes, he can do no wrong.
She says that she's lonely.
It is usually hot in July.
I advise you to stop smoking.
Venus doesn’t have any moons.
The Atacama Desert in northern Chile is the driest place on Earth.
The moon is not always the same distance away from Earth.
I heard that Tom was dying. "Dying? He's alive and well!"
Tom has done what generations of scientists had not managed to do.
Where did he kiss you? "On my lips." "No, I mean, where were you when he kissed you?"
Tom picked an apple from the tree.
Was anyone arrested?
In some places, the ocean is deeper than the tallest mountains are high!
I hope you agree.
She had no choice but to do it.
He had no choice but to do it.
You had no choice but to do it.
You had no choice but to do it.
You had no choice but to do it.
We agree with him.
He whom the gods love dies young.
You swim better than me.
Would it have killed you to call me first?
I've got good news and bad news.
I've got good news and bad news.
You're here awfully early today.
You're here awfully early today.
She keeps her age a secret.
Her body was already in the water from the waist down.
You've been selected.
You've been selected.
Talk to my boss.
Talk to my boss.
This coat is out of date.
I'll teach you how to write.
How many concerts did you go to last year?
How many concerts did you go to last year?
How many concerts did you go to last year?
How many concerts did you go to last year?
How many concerts did you go to last year?
How many concerts did you go to last year?
How many concerts did you go to last year?
Tom will follow you.
Tom will follow you.
Tom spent a few years behind bars.
Was it funny?
I like walking alone.
The radio is on the table.
The truth is the best lie.
My cat only eats wet food.
My cat only eats wet food.
Fish is normally accompanied by white wine.
This book is difficult to understand.
Run or you'll be arrested.
Run or you'll be arrested.
Run or you'll be arrested.
Run or you'll be arrested.
I hate Sunday! It's a horrible day!
How may I help you today, sir?
I'm a terrible writer.
Leave her alone or you'll regret it.
We watched her drive her car away, until it was no more than a dot in the distance.
The rain was beating against the windows.
Why would they need to do that?
She is content with his present salary.
I couldn't have not asked Tom this question.
Tom awoke at daybreak.
Let's go to the mall tonight.
The police caught the thief.
Are you coming to the concert with me?
Tom sometimes does foolish things.
I know you worry about him.
What a great view!
You aren't wrong.
Tom taught me a lot of useful things.
What time are we leaving?
Tom doesn't understand how a computer works.
Tom eats a healthy breakfast every morning.
I thought Tom would have remembered today's meeting.
Maybe we could make a deal.
I know how to handle it.
Tom has nothing better to do.
Remind me what time the concert starts.
I assume you're telling me now because you figured I'd find out anyway.
Remind me what time the concert starts.
Remind me what time the concert starts.
Don't touch her!
He yearned for her to come home.
How frequently do you check your mail?
Please put your bag under your seat.
Please put your bag under your seat.
There's just been another explosion.
He had an unpleasant expression on his face.
I know that most people here hate me.
I just got the baby to sleep.
She was carrying a large leather bag under her arm.
Are you questioning my plan?
Do you hear the bird singing in the cage?
Do you hear the bird singing in the cage?
Their marriage was a happy one.
You told me you could handle it.
I didn't know it was a big secret.
This is a terrible plan.
Tom was special.
Tom was special.
He bores me.
This is ice.
You're terrible.
I lost the watch dad gave me.
I lost the watch dad gave me.
What do you think of Japan's economy?
What do you think of Japan's economy?
Hold your breath.
He has brown shoes.
Take this junk out of here.
You're the one who suggested buying this computer.
You must come back before it gets dark.
You've got nothing to worry about from me.
Mary sleeps in a comfortable bed.
I should have worn a coat.
Tom is in danger of failing this class.
Many students like sports.
Who are you protecting?
Computers are complicated machines.
I woke up at sunrise.
Tom likes adventures.
The adventure begins.
We have a great school library.
The hill is always green.
Thanks for the cup of coffee.
It was a horrible idea.
I was so lonesome.
Every penny counts.
It lasted about a year.
Isn't that good news?
They were arguing.
When do you go to sleep?
When do you go to sleep?
I'm studying English because I plan to go to the United States.
He really doesn't like to fly.
There are five apples in this box.
Don't worry. My lips are sealed.
I was born the year the war ended.
I wonder why eggs are sold by the dozen.
My mom is worried.
My mom is worried.
What are you planning to do after this is over?
Tom doesn't even know he's in trouble.
I'm only kidding.
We have the same destiny.
I'm an old woman.
Tom is falling asleep.
An old woman is crossing the street.
He took the kids to the school.
Let me have another look.
You've earned this, Tom.
You've earned this, Tom.
What is your favorite sports team?
Creative people have vivid imaginations.
Most people have very little imagination.
I can't tell if you're joking or not.
I can't tell if you're joking or not.
It was very dark inside the room.
Tom was delighted by the idea.
It's not you I'm worried about.
It's not you I'm worried about.
It's not you I'm worried about.
It's not you I'm worried about.
Tom dimmed the lights.
I am acquainted with one Mr. Smith.
I am acquainted with one Mr. Smith.
According to Einstein, everything is relative.
According to Einstein, everything is relative.
Don't let her escape!
I said that I did not love her nor would I ever love her.
Her composition was free from mistakes.
The wedding will take place in three months.
The moon is full tonight.
Cows give us milk, and hens eggs.
It is so quiet you can hear the clock tick behind the wall.
I don't like being bossed around.
I like raw food.
He invited me to slow dance.
I'm getting married in November.
I'm getting married in November.
I'm having a wedding in a month.
When they pass through strong wind, the planes rock like this, but don't worry.
You're not joking, are you?
You're not joking, are you?
That doesn't really make sense.
Will you wake me at seven?
I don't like to study languages.
Go make popcorn.
We have suffered enough.
In the south of China, the situation is different.
I told them to stop.
Guess who won.
Guess who won.
I invited some friends for dinner. I hope you don't mind.
F = ma is Newton's second law of motion.
That seems like a reasonable price.
Could you wake me up when Tom gets here?
Could you wake me up when Tom gets here?
I could hardly hear what Tom was saying.
I've made a lot of stupid mistakes in my life.
They decided not to buy the television.
Which university do you want to go to?
I'll make you breakfast.
I'll make you breakfast.
All this talk has made me hungry.
Tom had no hat on.
My father is very strict with me.
We can make some money.
I came as a tourist.
I could actually have broken a leg.
Not every grandchild is an angel; sometimes grandchildren are enemies.
Don't fall asleep too soon.
You are a true warrior.
You are a true warrior.
Tom is a true warrior.
I'd never do anything so stupid.
It is important to eat on time.
I confess I'm miserable.
Don't talk about work, we're on vacation.
Nobody wants to visit my country.
Is Tom still aboard?
One of the students raised his hand to ask a question.
We eat eggs.
She decided to have surgery.
Tom is extremely busy now.
I brought you red roses.
Move the child away from the fire!
Do you like trips?
At the library.
Am I the only one who agrees with you?
Goodbye, she said.
Am I the only one who agrees with you?
Everyone respects Erkin.
Am I the only one who agrees with you?
Am I the only one who agrees with you?
The Eiffel Tower is in Paris.
The Eiffel Tower is in Paris.
Please take the dishes away.
Tom died under mysterious circumstances.
Tom died under mysterious circumstances.
Tom has no respect for anyone.
She has no respect for anyone.
The campers sang songs around the campfire.
Don't bring food inside the tent.
Don't bring food inside the tent.
You need to learn to talk about your feelings.
You need to learn to talk about your feelings.
I missed the movie. Did you see it?
I missed the movie. Did you see it?
Expressing your feelings is not a sign of weakness.
Think about the implications.
Think about the implications.
The guards are watching you.
The guards are watching you.
The water reached my knees.
You're dying.
The seats were comfortable.
I prefer to spend time with friends.
When does your vacation start?
The water reached my knees.
The exhibition is already open.
The exhibition is already open.
I'm glad we cleared that up.
I didn't want to look stupid in front of my friends.
Tom added wood to the fire.
Tom gathered wood for the fire.
The fishermen got up before dawn.
The fishermen got up before dawn.
The hunters got up before dawn.
The hunters got up before dawn.
Tom got up before dawn.
It's lucky to be a man.
It's mustard after the meal.
What do you have to lose by asking her out on a date? A little pride maybe?
How many eggs are there in the kitchen?
I'll finish this by Monday for sure.
Teachers' salaries are very low.
One of the prisoners has escaped.
I have no intention of retiring. I'm still young.
Why do people believe in angels?
Tom is violent and dangerous.
She wanted for nothing as long as her husband lived.
She showed her guests how to eat what she had prepared.
Tom didn't think he was committing a crime.
Tom didn't think he was committing a crime.
You have to pay in advance.
You have to pay in advance.
You have to pay in advance.
You have to pay in advance.
You have to pay in advance.
Don't leave out a single detail.
We'll be there in thirty minutes.
We'll be there in thirty minutes.
I'd like to find out why Tom decided not to go.
Tom needs an assistant.
She's hiding something. I know it!
Tom is hiding something. I know it.
Stop talking loudly.
Tom payed me.
Who's your favorite musician?
The log floated down the river.
Are you looking for something specific?
Try to control your temper.
Try to control your temper.
I will make him return what he has stolen.
Tom did not die in vain. He died a hero.
The prices are ridiculously low.
Tom loves challenges.
Tom started yelling.
Tom started yelling.
Tom was so hungry that he ate dog food.
It hums in my ears from the yell of young children.
My vision is blurry from joy.
It hums in my ears from the yell of young children.
She had her tooth pulled.
That's so great! My vision is blurry from joy!
Are you sure of her coming on time?
Tom is in the other truck.
That's your chance, Tom. Take it!
They're leaving.
Catch him.
Stop it, please.
Tom poured a bucket of ice-cold water on himself.
Tom was the expedition leader.
He made me promise not to tell.
Do you have any proof?
She always complains of her teacher.
Admit that you made a mistake.
Languages change over time.
Protecting her is my responsibility.
Tom won a large sum of money.
You should give him another chance.
The mother cuts the bread with the knife.
Tom didn't like the concert very much.
You can't leave.
You can't leave.
How many times a day do you feed your dog?
How many times a day do you feed your dog?
I think you're being a little hard on her.
I motioned for her to sit down.
Don't worry, it's not the end of the world.
Don't take it seriously. It's a joke.
Don't take it seriously. It's a joke.
He kissed her neck.
Why is it such a big secret?
Tom almost started to cry.
I'm not proud of what I did.
A strange beast is roaming through the woods.
A strange beast is roaming through the woods.
That's the most important thing I've learned from you.
Tom didn't want me to sell my old truck.
German is a Germanic language.
German, Dutch, Norwegian and English are Germanic languages.
He's the group leader.
I would like to see Mr Holmes.
If you don't know the answers, guess.
Stop smoking. You're addicted.
She's as naked as a jaybird.
A family of gnomes lives in a small house under this tree.
Tom is busy preparing for his trip.
I was asked to give you a message.
I was asked to give you a message.
You warned me, but I didn't listen.
You warned me, but I didn't listen.
You warned me, but I didn't listen.
You warned me, but I didn't listen.
Why don't we all sit down?
You never could keep a secret.
You never could keep a secret.
I can hear you.
I can hear you.
Tom saw the newspaper on the floor and picked it up.
Tom saw the newspaper on the floor and picked it up.
I couldn't allow that to happen.
Millie isn't eating an apple.
Let them get some rest.
Let him get some rest.
Let her get some rest.
Tom refused to stop to ask for directions.
There is no sugar here.
He said that that girl had kissed him.
Do I have to make a speech?
Isn't life just great?
That's a big loss.
Fire!
According to the newspaper, there was a big fire last night.
How do I thank you?
I've promised Tom that I wouldn't do that anymore.
I've promised Tom I wouldn't do that anymore.
She put the lid on the box.
Don't feed the dog!
Did you ask Tom that question?
Did you ask Tom that question?
There weren't many passengers on the bus.
It was an extraordinary year.
Hey, wait for me.
Hey, wait for me.
Yes. The air is very humid.
I'm sure we can trust Tom.
The guy with a beard is Tom.
The couple has three school-aged children.
He hugged her and kissed her.
Recent studies have shown that is not true.
Tom walked back to his hotel.
Could you please wait just couple of minutes?
Could you please wait just couple of minutes?
Tom left his coat downstairs.
What do you see in the picture?
Did you steal it?
Did you steal it?
Did you steal it?
Did you steal it?
I can't believe I'm saying this out loud.
Every house in our neighborhood is practically identical.
No one complained about it.
Tom is a wonderful young man.
Tom is a wonderful young man.
They'll need help.
This young man very much resembles my brother.
That's just a lie.
Tom is a brilliant scientist.
Place the spoon to the right of the knife.
The customer is not always right.
I know how important he is to you.
Tom slept without a pillow.
What's Tom complaining about now?
I don't watch that program anymore.
I don't think you understand how important this is.
I don't think you understand how important this is.
You worry too much about what other people will think of you.
You worry too much about what other people will think of you.
Tom can do a handstand.
Can you do a handstand?
Can you do a handstand?
At the beginning, I couldn't understand him.
At the beginning, I couldn't understand it.
Give me back my pencil.
Give me back my pencil.
Let me take my coat off.
Let me take my coat off.
Respect your elders.
Los Angeles is one of the places that I'd like to visit.
You didn't give us a chance.
You didn't give us a chance.
He leaves for China tomorrow.
There was broken glass on the floor.
It's just a rabbit.
Tom is very obnoxious.
Tom knew he was under investigation.
Tom knew he was under investigation.
I have a business proposition for you.
Why did you run away?
They're behind us.
Tom is trying not to laugh.
Tom watched TV until he fell asleep.
I told you not to do anything stupid.
I told you not to do anything stupid.
It's a great story.
I don't want to force you to do that.
I don't want to force you to do that.
I look terrible in this. I'm so fat.
Oh God, I look so fat in this.
Please stop lying.
My mom yells at me all the time for no reason.
I know Tom did it on purpose.
I know you did it on purpose.
I know you did it on purpose.
I know she did it on purpose.
Tom did a handstand.
Tom isn't very good at keeping secrets.
Tom fell asleep halfway through the movie.
Tom fell asleep as soon as the movie started.
Do you have a computer at home?
Is Mr. Roberto at home?
I wouldn't do that even if you paid me.
Tom opened the cage.
Don't do anything foolish.
Representatives from many countries have participated in this conference.
There are many old castles in Europe.
I have a date tonight. "With who?"
I have a date tonight.
Why did you kiss her?
Did you kiss her?
Did you kiss her? "No, I didn't kiss her."
I promised my parents I wouldn't drink.
Is it that urgent?
I'd like to study French.
What crimes have you committed?
Tom likes to argue.
I checked twice to make certain we hadn't made any mistakes.
Autumn is coming.
The lecture lasted for two hours.
How will you change this?
How will you change this?
Tom is on the back porch.
Go upstairs and go to bed.
They supported his right to speak freely.
I can teach you how to do this.
I can teach you how to do this.
I can teach you how to do this.
I can teach you how to do this.
Tell Tom that he needs to wear a tie tomorrow.
Tell Tom that he needs to wear a tie tomorrow.
We got your message.
We got your message.
I want to find out what Tom did yesterday.
Are you deaf?
Everything Tom said was a lie.
If you don't mind, I'd like to say a few words.
Where did you learn to cook like this?
Have a great weekend! "Same to you!"
Have a great weekend! "Same to you!"
I'm making coffee.
Tom said that no words could adequately describe his feelings of devastation and grief on losing his best friend.
Tom said he was retiring.
I'd like you to keep this a secret.
You agree with him.
You agree with him.
You agree with him.
He agrees with him.
Tom agrees with him.
She agrees with him.
They agree with him.
I never agree with him.
Animals have no reason.
That's an excellent choice.
They've changed the rules.
We soon caught up with them.
I suspect that you won't like it.
You're arguing just to argue.
You're arguing just to argue.
You're arguing just to argue.
You're arguing just to argue.
There are two possible explanations.
Stop borrowing my clothes without my permission.
Stop borrowing my clothes without my permission.
No one is calling you a thief.
Is Tom under arrest?
I was going to write to you, but I started doing other things and forgot.
We'll pay for it.
How did you manage to escape?
How did you manage to escape?
Mike really likes animals.
They said it would lead to civil war.
You're going to win today.
You're going to win today.
That's why I worry about you.
That's why I worry about you.
If you don't trust them, they won't trust you.
If you don't trust them, they won't trust you.
That's why I trust you.
That's why I trust you.
Tom called to say that he couldn't attend today's meeting.
Tom called to say that he couldn't attend today's meeting.
After he heard the news, Tom was in seventh heaven.
After he heard the news, Tom was in seventh heaven.
I don't think it is over.
I don't think it's such a crazy thought.
We've already sent a message to Tom.
We'll find a way to use it.
We'll find a way to use it.
We'll find a way to use it.
Tom just wanted to make sure that's what you meant.
Tom just wanted to make sure that's what you meant.
One of the boys suddenly ran away.
We still need to buy Tom a birthday present.
Tom ended up not coming.
I'm not very good at keeping secrets.
I want you to remember what happened here today.
I want you to remember what happened here today.
It was not an accident.
It was not an accident.
The truck drove away.
Why is there so much traffic today?
Did you see the news?
Did you see the news?
Tom slept without a blanket.
Are you leaving, too?
Are you leaving, too?
It was a bad choice.
Tom was driving his girlfriend's car.
Tom is on the official list.
To the Hilton Hotel, please.
The witch hunt has begun.
The murder weapon was never found.
She waved her hand until the train was out of sight.
I'm sorry, I couldn't hear you.
I'm sorry, I couldn't hear you.
Tom is my assistant.
I just didn't want you to worry.
I just didn't want you to worry.
Let me carry your bag.
Let me carry your bag.
It's a huge responsibility.
I decided not to try anymore.
This isn't news to anyone.
Did Tom show an interest?
Tom didn't even attempt to kiss Mary.
Why do you hide your breasts?
Our university has a good library.
My grandson loves the story of Snow White.
How many times a week do you eat out?
Tom is checking his messages.
I agree with everything Tom said at the meeting.
Where is the evidence?
No one knows your secrets.
No one knows your secrets.
I thought the food was too greasy.
His efforts bore fruit.
Tom didn't ask any questions.
I can't get an answer from them.
I can't get an answer from him.
I can't get an answer from her.
I decided. I'm going to ask him out tonight.
The guard is dead.
I can hear someone talking in the next room.
My parents have kicked me out of the house.
A French translation of this book was published in 2013.
I want Nino to win.
What do you want to give Tom?
What do you want to give Tom?
Do you agree with what he wrote in the book?
Do you agree with what he wrote in the book?
Last night, I heard dogs howling.
Better the bitter truth than a sweet lie.
Let me take your coat.
I rarely eat out.
Tom kissed me.
Tom hate dogs.
I second that.
Well, girls, it's time to go.
Tom promised never to do that again.
Tom promised never to do that again.
Tom promised never to do that again.
Tom promised he'd never do that again.
Tom was wearing a brown coat.
I'm studying French because I need it for my job.
You have my support.
You have my support.
You have my support.
I'm still studying French.
We might even win.
There is nothing I can do to change that.
There is nothing I can do to change that.
I sent a message to Tom.
Should I leave a message?
She sang a Japanese song for us.
You don't seem to realize how serious this is.
I've promised Tom I would help.
How happy are you?
Let's change that.
Tom guessed wrong.
I've got a message for them.
I'm going to need your help doing this.
I think you're all wrong.
This is my property.
Let's find out who stole our money.
We've been warned.
We're all retired.
Don't buy that book.
Don't buy that book.
That's my fiancé.
Act like adults.
Virginia, a wife should have no secrets from her husband.
Tom stayed at one of the hotels on Park Street.
I'll raise my hand as a signal.
What do you want for breakfast?
Do you want to ask me a question?
Do you want to ask me a question?
Tom noticed a change.
Do you know the man standing on the bridge?
Do you know the man standing on the bridge?
He disappeared suddenly under very mysterious circumstances.
I read the message.
You're a horrible singer.
You're a horrible singer.
Both men were killed.
We were both wrong.
People can be cruel.
Now I agree with you.
Now I agree with you.
Tom wants a new coat.
Please listen to us.
Please listen to us.
Tom will pay for what he did.
I promised not to tell anyone.
I'm sorry that I've made you so unhappy.
I'm sorry that I've made you so unhappy.
I'm sorry that I've made you so unhappy.
I'm sorry that I've made you so unhappy.
Tom pulled out a pencil.
You're like an old woman.
You're a complete idiot.
Put on some clothes.
I'm not going to ask Tom that question.
I prepared breakfast for you.
I don't hate anyone.
I'm sorry I made you worry.
I'm sorry I made you worry.
Tom comes from the north.
Who did Tom run away with?
Put on some clothes.
That was the wrong answer.
Tom died from his wounds.
They named the dog Cookie.
You won't regret hiring them.
You won't regret hiring me.
You won't regret hiring him.
You won't regret hiring her.
You won't regret hiring us.
You won't regret hiring her.
You won't regret hiring him.
You won't regret hiring me.
You won't regret hiring them.
You won't regret hiring us.
The show is just starting.
I'll take it if you don't mind.
I'll take it if you don't mind.
Tom is back from his trip.
The weather changed quickly.
The negotiations have begun.
The passengers are waiting.
We've made many mistakes.
There's a bomb on the plane.
Can you identify which coat is yours?
Can you identify which coat is yours?
Tom recommended this book to me.
He is leaving Chicago tomorrow.
We weren't given homework today.
We weren't given homework.
It's a difficult word to translate.
We should give Tom a chance.
Tom likes potatoes.
Tom is very lonely.
What does a Kremlinologist study?
Are you sure you pressed the right button?
You must promise not to tell anyone.
Tom worked like a maniac.
How was your trip to Australia?
How was your trip to Australia?
Tom was killed on Monday.
Even Tom failed today's exam.
Tom stayed at a cheap hotel.
I'm going to need more money.
They ran away from school.
My wife is hiding something from me.
Why do you close your eyes when you kiss me?
Tom is a regular customer.
Tom wants an apple.
I'm sorry I didn't trust you.
I'm sorry I didn't trust you.
It'll all be over soon.
Tom gave me useful advice.
I have fought.
Tom isn't eating an apple.
There was a full moon that night.
Tom is lonely and unhappy.
I don't want any more trouble.
Add the picture.
It took me five hours to read through this book.
I'm staying at the Hilton Hotel.
We got what we deserved.
We're here on vacation.
As we age, we become set in our ways.
I'm glad you appreciated that.
I'm glad you appreciated that.
Tom wants to buy a Japanese car.
I don't believe in fairy tales.
It's a signal of danger.
Tom made the wrong decision.
Tom kept his hat on.
Tom kept his hat on.
Tom has learned how to swim.
We were extremely lucky.
I think I agree with what Tom said.
We named our dog Cookie.
He lives at the top of this hill.
Thank you for the wonderful dinner.
He cannot have done such a silly thing.
We have no special plans.
I was just about to ask you the same question.
I was just about to ask you the same question.
Tom sells computers.
Tom was just about to leave.
Tom will retire next spring.
I hope we're making the right choice.
We're leaving next year.
We're leaving right away.
We're leaving right now.
If you're pretty, but single, then you're not pretty.
Tom says that rarely happens.
She blew him a kiss.
The water came up to my waist.
Do you still keep in touch with her?
We'll see about that.
We leave in half an hour.
He'll make coffee.
I will make some coffee.
Linda will prepare coffee.
Like you just said, we don't have the slightest chance.
Like you just said, we don't have the slightest chance.
Tom says he can't work on an empty stomach.
Don't spend too much money.
Let me first start with the good news.
She is completely deaf in her left ear.
He came home in despair.
Don't trust anyone, not even Tom.
We want to break off this negotiation.
We leave in half an hour.
We've got to figure out what's wrong.
Tom smiled thoughtfully.
Isn't life wonderful?
You have a choice.
You have a choice.
Tom has left us forever.
Success brings money and a lot of problems too.
You can't trust them.
You can't trust them.
You have a great job.
You have a great job.
You're right on time.
You can use my phone.
You can use my phone.
The dog is eating its food.
It's hardly a secret.
Tom was terribly afraid.
They won't need you.
They won't need you.
These pencils might look alike but they're not the same.
We've been abandoned.
I hate people like you.
I'm afraid I'm on the wrong train.
I wish I could come with you, but I have a test tomorrow and I need to study.
You shouldn't complain.
You shouldn't complain.
You shouldn't complain.
I'm dying to know what's inside.
What's this lecture about?
I'm sick of eating fast food.
My wife and I prefer to spend time at home together.
Can you wake me up at seven o'clock tomorrow morning?
Three shots were heard.
You're asking me questions you already know the answers to.
They only wanted to ask me a few questions.
I heard a man's voice.
I heard a man's voice.
It's a funny movie.
I can't win.
I only did the bare minimum.
You broke my nose.
Can I take your coat?
Can I take your coat?
Can I take your coat?
Can you confirm that?
Can you confirm that?
Can I ask what it is?
Don't worry about them.
We may need it later.
Tom isn't likely to win.
Take your coat off and make yourself at home.
Did Tom leave a message?
Please put your shirt on.
I don't like his hat.
I don't like her hat.
Do you mind if I sit?
Do you mind if I sit?
Did Tom get the message?
How much did you eat?
How much did you eat?
Tom is very trustworthy.
Art is my passion.
Is Tom staying at the Hilton Hotel?
Tom is a genius.
Is this really our hotel?
I haven't yet read any of the messages Tom sent me yesterday.
This is your stop.
Tom taught me how to do this.
Tom says you may not need it.
Tom says you may not need it.
Face the music.
Tom ate three apples.
We've learned a lot, too.
Tom went on working.
We simply have no choice.
You don't trust me, do you?
You don't trust me, do you?
Did you buy any eggs?
Did you buy any eggs?
Tom isn't wearing a hat.
I hate long speeches.
Please stop laughing.
Where is your jacket?
Tom isn't afraid to die.
Tom isn't a good driver.
Tom was very courageous.
I want to go camping.
You won't need a gun.
You won't need a gun.
Give me a red pencil.
Tom folded the blankets.
Tom broke both of his arms.
How much did you win?
This cat is very fat.
I know that I can count on you.
It's a dream job.
Tom buys a newspaper on his way to work.
Don't you agree with me?
Don't you agree with me?
We're a great team.
Tom knew he was wrong.
I know you don't like being touched.
It rarely snows here.
It rarely snows here.
Did he touch your breasts?
Go do something else.
Go do something else.
I may outlive you.
Go do something else.
Go do something else.
May I carry you in my arms?
He continued singing.
Did you hear a knock?
I prefer to sit down.
I agree with you 100%.
She drives very fast.
He drives very fast.
I take dance lessons.
Tom's warned me about that.
Tom's warned me about that.
Tom warned me about you.
Tom warned me about you.
The plates are dirty.
There really was an Alice, but Wonderland is a figment of the imagination.
I have such bad luck.
Do you have to leave?
Do you have to leave?
Maybe you were wrong.
Maybe you were wrong.
Tom sat on a park bench.
This is your bedroom.
This is my assistant.
Tom tried to stay awake.
I think Tom is mistaken.
You could've knocked.
You could've knocked.
Do you want to drive?
Do you want to drive?
Do you want to drive?
Give him a second chance.
Give her a second chance.
Give her a second chance.
Please give me another chance.
I gave Tom another chance.
Tom got another chance.
Tom gave me another chance.
I gave him another chance.
I gave her another chance.
Let's give Tom another chance.
Let's give them another chance.
We'll give them another chance.
I want to give Tom another chance.
You should give Tom another chance.
You should give Tom another chance.
I'll deliver the box.
I'll deliver the box.
I'll cook you dinner.
I'll cook you dinner.
I'll be back in time.
Tom watered the roses.
Tom had a tooth pulled out yesterday.
Tom made his sister cry.
Tom tried to trick us.
Have pity on me.
Please say you're kidding.
Please say you're kidding.
They're both crazy.
They're both crazy.
I'll help you escape.
I'll help you escape.
I'm going to the lab.
I'm going to the lab.
Tom put on a black coat.
I'm not leaving here.
Tom looks like a monkey.
I'm sure I'll manage.
What's in the closet?
You're a good dancer.
You're a brave woman.
You're a brave woman.
Tom has made his choice.
I know sign language.
Tom didn't come on time.
I have great friends.
Find out what Tom knows.
Should I ask her out?
Should I ask him out?
We didn't discuss it.
It's pretty windy today, no?
I don't trust anyone, not even Tom.
Tom gave me this watch.
Tom left on time.
Tom left on time.
Dear Cecil! I have no secrets from you.
Why didn't you slow down?
Don't hide your face.
Don't hide your face.
Don't kid about that.
Don't make me choose.
When is dinner served?
We all feel terrible.
Where's my breakfast?
Use your imagination.
Use your imagination.
Do you get many visitors?
Do you really want to win?
Are you the hotel manager?
You delivered the wrong package.
We had strict rules.
Tom hasn't paid us yet.
Tom cooked supper for us last night.
I don't completely trust you.
We didn't win the game.
Are they eating the apple?
We hope we're wrong.
Where was Tom killed?
Tom continued his story.
Please remember that.
Please remember that.
Just don't disappear.
Just don't disappear.
They're all tourists.
We'll continue later.
We're probably wrong.
What's for breakfast?
Tom was probably joking.
Can you manage alone?
Can you manage alone?
Can you manage alone?
Can you manage alone?
Can you manage alone?
You're extraordinary.
You're extraordinary.
You're extraordinary.
You're extraordinary.
You're extraordinary.
Is your father stern?
Is your father stern?
He gets on my nerves.
We want to make sure.
I wanted to warn you.
I wanted to warn you.
I don't want trouble.
Tom isn't wearing a tie.
Let's not discuss it.
I talked about lions.
It was awfully funny.
I'm not your servant.
The gun isn't loaded.
You're such a coward.
You're such a coward.
I'll be in the truck.
Who's ready to order?
They hated you.
They hated you.
You always make the same mistake.
You always make the same mistake.
We all hated you.
We all hated you.
I didn't invite you.
I didn't invite you.
Bring them with you.
Bring them with you.
They don't respect you.
You hate us, don't you?
You hate us, don't you?
I'm responsible for you.
I'm responsible for you.
The guards didn't see you.
The guards didn't see you.
My cat ran away and never came back.
We might need to help you.
We might need to help you.
You're obviously dying to know.
Why does everyone hate you?
I've always been proud of you.
I've always been proud of you.
I shouldn't have yelled at you.
I shouldn't have yelled at you.
It seems I was wrong about you.
Tom came at dawn.
Food is running out.
I doubt Tom would agree.
We have to warn them.
He asked me to dance.
Tom is hiding somewhere.
He didn't get caught.
I've seen this movie twice.
His parents hate him.
His parents hate him.
Her parents hate him.
The food is terrible.
We need to cut costs.
I guess I'm a country boy at heart.
Do you have any news?
They tried to escape.
Please pull the rope.
Please pull the rope.
We just want to win.
We just want to win.
I can't get out of here.
I can't wait to go home.
She politely corrected me.
Tom is just trying to confuse you.
Falling on ice hurts.
I asked her to dance.
I don't want Tom to die.
Tom can't tell time yet.
I won't sell my soul.
Why is swimming not allowed in this river?
Tom ate all of it.
Who ate all the pies?
Get in the back seat.
You're so mysterious.
Have a great weekend!
Have a great weekend!
I was in Kyoto twice.
I've already saved your life twice.
I've already saved your life twice.
Are you in trouble?
Her nose is bleeding.
Tom is wasting his time.
What hat do you like?
What hat do you like?
Tom is kissing his wife.
Do you like to drive?
Do you like to drive?
Do you like to drive?
Four men are singing.
Tom paid for the ticket.
You've made me feel a lot better.
You've made me feel a lot better.
You can count on her.
You can count on her.
Tom suffers from claustrophobia.
Tom suffers from osteoporosis.
Tom suffers from osteoporosis.
He's easy to impress.
Don't trust anyone, not even Tom.
Don't trust anyone, not even me.
Don't trust anyone, not even me.
She sat on the bank.
My son can tell time.
Tom got on the elevator.
Please write it down.
Here's a yellow rose.
Hey you! Please wait.
Hey you! Please wait.
Please eat something.
He took it literally.
We'll find out soon.
Why aren't we allowed to swim here?
May we swim here?
Tom ate the salad.
Tom finally fell asleep.
Tom had a great weekend.
The men followed him.
How can you say that our soldiers died in vain?
It can be cold here even in May.
She gave him the car.
Tom stayed up the whole night.
Tom ran down the stairs.
He joined the Army during the war.
Tom is a bright student.
Tom owns this land.
New York State is almost as large as Greece.
I think it's time for me to change my plans.
Everybody knows that two and two make four.
As soon as I finish writing the report, I'll send it to you.
I thought you were retired.
A lot of people hate you already.
We should've asked more questions.
I won't make that mistake again.
Don't tell me you still trust Tom.
It can be replaced.
Don't just stand there. Call security.
What exactly does this button do?
Are you texting Tom?
This a very significant discovery.
How do we change this?
It interested me.
Tom is too drunk to drive.
There's a witness.
It's so simple that even a child can do it.
He never looked back.
He never looked back.
He is in trouble now.
What's the magic word?
I wanted to take a rest.
An empty head is the devil's workshop.
Tom has suffered a lot.
Don't forget that there are exceptions.
I'd like to look inside.
We'll never let you down.
Please hold the line.
Tom can drive a car now.
Tom can drive a car now.
I didn't want to make a scene in front of everyone.
I didn't want to make a scene in front of everyone.
The sailors saw land.
Have you seen my red tie?
Have you seen my red tie?
The baby's sleeping.
We're proud of that.
Look at the boy jump!
Look at the boy jump!
I thought Tom was dying.
I thought Tom was dying.
What is the distance from the Earth to the moon?
I know she's hiding something.
I know he's hiding something.
Tom kept his father's notes.
This computer is already not working.
I've gained weight.
I've gained weight.
Don't ever do that to me again.
Don't ever do that to me again.
I agree to this plan.
My mother taught me to always look both to the left and to the right before crossing the street.
What is your totem animal?
You close your eyes.
Waves are breaking against the rocks.
I advised you not to buy this house.
Let's not fight among us.
I love peace. Isn't peace wonderful?
I want to play cards.
Add sugar to the tea.
Add sugar to the tea.
I am leaving at four.
We may need it soon.
We may need it soon.
We may need it soon.
I agree to your plan.
Ania is interested in computers.
May I take your coat?
I wish you luck.
The baby has fallen asleep.
They're lucky.
Get them out of here!
Get them out of here!
Tom won't stop fighting.
Tom kept shoveling.
Tom knows where I hid the money.
Tom makes me do things I don't want to do.
Tom refused to explain.
Don't worry about it!
Can I use your phone?
Tom was extremely pale.
Tom was extremely sick.
Why are men so dumb?
Tom forgot to lock the house's door.
Tom was very miserable.
Let's throw it away.
Let's throw it away.
Tom didn't go upstairs.
I just cut my nails.
Did you go upstairs?
Did you go upstairs?
No one had a chance.
No one has paid yet.
It was a great race.
It was a great race.
You can always text Tom.
We have to give Tom a chance.
How will it all end?
We were just about to leave.
We're feeling great.
Why take chances?
Don't cut that wire.
Don't cut that wire.
Tom's risking his life.
Tom's risking his life.
I didn't order it.
Tomorrow's payday.
Pass me the sugar, Tom.
It took some effort.
We slept sitting up.
Tom ate only one slice of bread.
Are you doing that on purpose?
Are you doing that on purpose?
Are you doing that on purpose?
Are you doing that on purpose?
Tom will help me clean my room.
Tom isn't a good choice.
Tom ended up getting a good job.
Tom is young and single.
It's now time for you to rest.
It's now time for you to rest.
It looks incredible.
They must be joking.
My father warned me.
Music is my passion.
Tom hated his own name.
Many people have made the same mistake.
Tom made us some coffee.
Why are they doing this to me?
Did you follow them?
Did you follow them?
Bring your daughter.
Bring your daughter.
Bring your daughter.
Bring your daughter.
Who's buying these things?
I disagree strongly.
The movie was awful.
You can count on us.
You can count on us.
I feel empty inside.
It looks perfect.
Somebody made a mistake.
I'll take you to school.
This pencil belongs to me.
Tom asked a stupid question.
Sit down for a second.
Give me thirty minutes.
Tom isn't wearing a belt today.
The rules are clear.
Hey, Tom, look at this.
Tom retires next spring.
Tom made us lunch.
Tom only kissed me once.
Aren't you tired of doing that?
Aren't you tired of doing that?
Tom is saying we stole his dog.
Tom is saying we stole his dog.
She had jet black hair.
I'm also very lucky.
Tom is extremely lucky.
Why are you leaving?
They're never happy.
When I was a child, I spent many hours reading alone in my room.
Can I ask some questions?
Tom went down the hill.
The fishermen are using nets.
The fishermen are using nets.
What's this computer doing here?
Tom stole money from me.
I'll tell you what to buy.
I'll tell you what to buy.
I had my suspicions.
I feel very unhappy.
I feel very unhappy.
What should we wear?
I urgently need you.
I urgently need you.
Tom is leaving at 2:30.
Tom is leaving at 2:30.
That was a good hat.
I do worry about it.
I do worry about it.
I got married young.
Help me with my tie.
It can't be changed.
In interesting places you can always meet tourists from around the world.
Tom is now on vacation.
That would be a lie.
It's still dark outside.
The answer is completely wrong.
I don't know when she got married.
Tom doesn't know the difference between Europe and the European Union.
Tom sells flowers.
Tom doesn't respect his father.
Tom doesn't respect his father.
Tom studies mathematics.
Tom told us a sad story.
Tom doesn't know the difference between Iraq and Iran.
Tom doesn't know the difference between a star and a planet.
Tom doesn't know the difference between Europe and the European Union.
Tom is dying, isn't he?
It's just a theory.
He tried to impress her.
I don't want an apple.
Lock it.
Lock it.
We're dead if they find us.
When will you need it?
Tom ate a quesadilla.
How can you be so stupid?
Isn't the weather great?
Can I take my jacket off?
The old woman you just saw is my grandmother.
We have tons of money.
Hey, what's that noise?
Hey, get your hands off me.
Are you leaving now?
Are you leaving now?
I thought Tom hated me.
Did I have a choice?
Tom has a blue coat on.
Tom may need help.
What should I order?
It was a great plan.
Would you stop that?
This job will provide you with valuable experience.
Tom is on duty tonight.
We got here on time.
How are your grades?
I believe you dialed the wrong number.
I only ordered coffee, since I wasn't hungry.
You should rest now.
You should rest now.
Tom knows he can't win.
Leave more space between characters.
Leave more space between characters.
Leave more space between the lines.
We were just joking.
Tom let go of the rope.
Tom knows where I hide my key.
I have a lot of respect for Tom.
This is a small town.
They're proud of me.
Tom was a wonderful man.
It's you who should be thanking me.
It's you who should be thanking me.
It's you who should be thanking me.
It's you who should be thanking me.
Tom said he would come to the wedding.
This is a private meeting.
This is a private meeting.
I saw Tom try to kiss you.
I saw Tom try to kiss you.
Tom was brilliant.
I'm beginning to have doubts.
You're going to be a great father.
Please drive safely.
Please drive safely.
Tom obviously wants to kiss you.
This is a sick joke.
Did Tom swim yesterday?
When do we get paid?
What'll you give me?
What'll you give me?
Don't make a scene.
Don't make a scene.
You're very lucky.
You're very lucky.
You're so lucky.
You're so lucky.
As soon as he saw a policeman, he ran away.
I doubt his words.
Does it have to be Tom?
A mirror can be made out of metal or glass.
How will you escape?
How will you escape?
We'll never be able to play any better.
Did you make dinner?
Did you make dinner?
Hold on. I'll check.
Maybe Tom wasn't wrong.
Did you make coffee?
Did you make coffee?
Give me back my hat.
Give me back my hat.
That isn't my concern.
She gave me a shirt.
We have great kids.
Why should I worry?
You didn't trust me.
We were so afraid.
Tom was the driver of the car that crashed into the supermarket on Park Street.
We take risks.
We made too many mistakes.
Tom dances very well.
We heard a loud explosion.
I didn't read the message.
Tom can swim pretty well.
I'm not certain that I can trust Tom.
Tom gave me a book.
The meat was very tough.
Tom drives a truck.
Did you have a date?
Do we have a chance?
Tom spent the night at a hotel on Park Street.
Who did you give that to?
Who did you give that to?
We have to find out who Tom is working for.
We have to make a choice.
Whose computer is this?
I would like to kiss you.
I would like to kiss you.
Tom often goes to the park in the morning.
We've offered our support.
What's with the hat?
Tom saw dirty footprints on the white carpet.
We all have a lot to learn.
Tom went to the store to buy some apples.
Ken went to the supermarket to buy some eggs.
Ken went to the supermarket to buy some eggs.
Tom reminded me to stop at the supermarket and buy some bread.
Tom wanted me to go to the supermarket to buy some bread and eggs.
Tom wanted me to go to the supermarket to buy some bread and eggs.
I'm resting my eyes.
Whatever language you study, it takes time.
I hate school! I'm not going.
I married on the 1st of June.
Many of our customers are from Canada.
My mother is a crazy woman.
Are you at the library?
When did they give you the ticket for the concert?
I thought you wanted to get married.
I thought you wanted to get married.
I thought you wanted to get married.
I thought you wanted to get married.
Tom reached for a book on the top shelf.
Hey, what's behind your back?
Tom wasn't able to get his car started.
She bought an album for me.
I bought it for about twelve dollars.
I bought it for about twelve dollars.
I bought a wonderful watch for her.
I bought these medications for my father.
This is the hat Tom bought for me.
I want you to wear that new hat I bought for you.
I'm very sad that you haven't bought any gift for me.
My cats will love this.
Can we trust Tom?
I can't exclude it.
There was a witness.
War doesn't bring on peace; on the contrary, it brings pains and grief on both sides.
We're out of coffee.
Tom gave blood.
We're out of butter.
Tom hung his jacket up.
Tom hung his jacket up.
Tom hung his jacket up.
You're a good actor.
You're out of sugar.
You're out of sugar.
Tom put down his spoon.
I said I had a bomb.
There's no sugar in my tea.
The house is clean.
I am going to save the world.
I can win this time.
Have you gone crazy?
Have you gone crazy?
We don't have a lab.
Don't worry so much.
Don't worry so much.
I can hear Tom singing.
We won't need these.
Why didn't Tom warn us?
Don't argue with me.
I'm at your service.
She kicked him in the nuts.
Can your wife drive?
Is that so terrible?
You weren't kidding.
You weren't kidding.
I'm leaving tonight.
Tom will certainly try.
You cannot swim here.
Tom is a musician.
We'll certainly try.
We've already discussed it.
Tom was murdered on October 20, 2013.
We worried a lot about you.
We worried a lot about you.
Tom waited half an hour and then left.
We want to get out of here.
We paid Tom thirty dollars to do that.
We take risks all the time.
We have to find out what Tom is doing.
We think it's a great idea.
We now know that was a lie.
Remember everything.
Remember everything.
What Tom did was awful.
Good luck with that.
Tom is on the computer.
Is this my passport?
Tom wanted me to drive.
What a useful gadget!
The roses are red.
Tom knows how to fight.
I translated this sentence twice.
Tom wanted to make a lot of money.
You're an excellent writer.
You're an excellent writer.
You're way smarter than me.
You're way smarter than me.
We have to make sure Tom does that.
We've made lots of changes.
We've had a lot of support.
She taught me how to swim.
They can't hear you.
They can't hear you.
I can't help myself.
Can we trust you?
Can we trust you?
Tom wants to be hugged.
This jacket is too small for me.
We were both in the library.
We were both in the library.
All of a sudden, I feel like crying.
You broke the rules.
We can't allow that to happen.
We weren't wasting our time.
She appears to me to be cruel.
Her heart jumped for joy.
We'll try to do what we can.
Mariah Carey's greatest gift is her voice.
I'm in my underwear.
We're not strangers.
Did Tom arrive on time?
Tom knows the capital of each state in the United States.
We're very proud of you all.
We've already learned a lot.
We're proud of our children.
Tom paid for everything in cash.
I don't trust Tom anymore.
Tom ordered a bottle of champagne.
You should trust me.
Why do you think I shouldn't trust Tom?
Why do you think I shouldn't trust Tom?
Why do you think I shouldn't trust Tom?
If I can't trust my parents, who can I trust?
If we can't trust each other, who can we trust?
You shouldn't trust anyone.
You shouldn't trust anyone.
We have to find out where Tom is.
We've got to finish on time.
Tom is deaf in one ear.
You should thank me.
Tom is at the computer.
He should thank you.
He should thank you.
He's probably wrong.
There is no elevator in our house.
It's not like I have anything else to do.
I've got nothing else to do.
Tom is from a rural area.
I am picking apples.
How did Tom miss this?
Tom doesn't buy bread.
The story continues.
Our team won 3 to 1.
Don't waste my time.
The lightning lit up the sky.
I don't know any martial arts.
I had to make a choice.
You shouldn't have invited him.
You shouldn't have invited him.
You shouldn't have invited him.
You shouldn't have invited him.
You made a mistake when you invited him.
You made a mistake when you invited him.
Because you are an idiot!
Would you change your past if you could?
Would you change your past if you could?
Can I come inside?
Tom won't let us down.
Tom was wearing a leather jacket.
Tom was wearing a leather jacket.
Tom is always breaking things.
Tom gave me this ring.
Tom has endured a lot.
I'm sure we'll find something to do.
His speech moved us.
Her speech moved us.
Tom spends most of his time in the library.
What should we cook?
Tom could've run away.
I saw him kiss your hand.
He didn't kiss me.
She didn't kiss me.
Maybe you missed something.
Can I speak with the director?
My salary is very low.
They attend every meeting.
They paid five dollars for the food.
I paid 5 dollars for the food.
Do we have a chance of winning?
Tom took the children to school.
Tom took his daughter to school.
Tom tried to disguise his voice.
You attend all the meetings.
Tom knows how to swim.
I know Tom is hiding something.
We're all a little bit crazy.
You are so brave!
You are so brave!
How was the concert?
Lie on your stomach.
She danced with him.
Tom wouldn't complain.
These things happen.
Do you want to rest?
Tom retired last year.
I hate my neighbors.
I ran like the wind.
This coat is bigger.
I kept on singing.
I don't remember inviting you here.
I can dance well.
We take telephone orders.
In summer, people prefer the sea.
I thought she was joking.
Tom studied French for a while.
Love is beyond reason.
We're trying to find out why.
I'm not so sure I want to get married.
Promise me you'll do that.
Tom wants his daughter to get married.
Do you know what they found out?
She is getting married this fall.
The foreigner speaks Japanese as if it were his native language.
She made tea for me.
He hung up his coat.
Who cares when she gets married?
She has a real knack for getting people to do what she wants.
He went on doing it.
Tom cleared the table.
You don't agree, do you?
You don't agree, do you?
My parents are crazy.
We studied Chinese for 2 years.
Please remind me to post the letters.
Tom watched curiously.
We have to do the best we can.
Tom broke the silence.
Tom had a bright idea.
Tom knew it was a lie.
These are our desks.
This is an old book.
We heard that you had trouble.
We heard that you had trouble.
Tom left his jacket in his car.
We have to respect each other.
Tom went back to his hotel room.
Tom regretted what he had done.
The war ended in 1954.
Please don't put that on the table.
She trusts Tom.
Who can tell me how a light bulb works?
Women aren't interested in him.
Tom will win, don't you think?
Tom will win, don't you think?
We know how it's going to end.
I had to do it, there was no other choice.
I have a new e-mail address.
I am not interested in politics.
I am sick and tired of fast food.
You always have a choice.
You always have a choice.
Tom tried to run away.
Tom was almost asleep.
Don't buy on credit.
Don't buy on credit.
Cut it with a knife.
Cut it with a knife.
Cut it with a knife.
Cut it with a knife.
Every seat was full.
Which team will win?
Please make the bed.
Please make the bed.
Computers are starting to get smarter than we are.
My sister bought me a red ribbon.
How much does an egg cost?
How much do eggs cost?
We stayed at the Hilton Hotel.
Tom went down to the basement.
She regretted it afterwards.
I've got hundreds of music folders on my PC.
Was there a book on the desk?
His soldiers feared and respected him.
Play me some Chopin.
Bring a shovel.
I finally got a job.
I finally got a job.
I finally got a job.
Are you a model or an actor?
Tom stayed up the whole night.
Please do not enter the room without knocking.
You can count on us.
Tom got some bad news.
Tom spent three years behind bars.
Are you sure you want us to burn these documents?
Tom might need a little help.
Hold on to the rope.
We're going to need them both.
We're going to need them both.
Tom opened the balcony window.
I'll try not to disturb you while you're studying.
I'll try not to disturb you while you're studying.
We're going back to our hotel.
We're going back to our hotel.
We wanted to get out of there.
What is on the desk?
We were both wrong.
We didn't run away.
Tom was wearing a black coat.
Here, take my coat.
Here, take my coat.
I know Tom's hiding something, but I don't know what.
Work is for people without talent.
Money changes people.
Nobody owns the moon.
I'm ready for the fight.
Let's find out why.
Let's not complain.
Let's not complain.
Do you live nearby?
Do you live nearby?
I lack imagination.
Tom ordered some food.
I often eat apples.
How many oceans are there in the world?
We need to find out what it is.
It was a great day.
It was a sad story.
Tom stayed at a hotel.
Don't touch my bag.
Don't let them win.
Don't let them win.
You smell terrible.
Give me the pencil.
Give me the pencil.
I thought Tom would try to help us.
What was discussed?
The threat is real.
Good luck. You're going to need it.
Can it be replaced?
Can it be replaced?
The score was even.
What did you give Tom?
What did you give Tom?
I was really lucky.
I was very lucky.
I named my dog Cookie.
I want the blanket.
My bedroom is dark.
Is there a desk by the window?
Is there a desk by the window?
Tom says he can help me write the report.
How can you trust Tom?
How can you trust Tom?
Please take me to Tom.
Please take me to Tom.
Do you like flying?
Do you like flying?
What do you prefer?
I know what it's like to be lonely.
This really is sad.
Hey, where did Tom go?
I trust my friends.
Can people change?
I'm not your assistant anymore.
They continued working.
Tom is hiding something from us.
Tom is hiding something from us.
I'm going to leave.
What have I missed?
Write me a message.
Tom went home at 6:30.
Is this a bad sign?
What did you steal?
Who is absent today?
I was very unlucky.
I'm very unlucky.
It's your choice, Tom.
It's your choice, Tom.
The apples are big.
Tom should've been an actor.
Tom wasn't a bright student.
Tom went on board the plane.
I couldn't bear it.
How do I thank you?
We'll be well paid.
Tom should change his locks.
Stop protecting me.
I usually go to bed before ten.
Give me my portion.
Give me my portion.
Hey, where are you?
Hey, where are you?
Hey, wait a second.
Hey, wait a second.
Hey, wait a minute.
Hey, put that back.
Hey, put that back.
What's it used for?
There are no spoons.
She keeps moaning that she has no time.
I heard that a woman stabbed a man for eating her lunch.
Tom signed the orders.
It was a dream job.
Have a good flight.
We haven't caught the thief yet.
We have to learn how to do that.
Tom paid with a credit card.
Why did you burn those letters?
Why did you burn those letters?
I have to take an exam.
What exactly do you want to do?
What exactly do you want to do?
There are no spoons.
Tom left his hat in my room.
They live in caves.
Would you marry me?
Was Tom wearing a hat?
They may need help.
Mike has some friends in Florida.
Lie still and rest.
Lie still and rest.
There are many possible explanations.
It was a good trip.
Did we wake you up?
Did we wake you up?
Did we wake you up?
Go back to the lab.
I want you to stop doing that.
She started kissing him as soon as he got home.
Tom has nowhere to go.
You taught me that.
Can you call ahead?
Can you call ahead?
You know I'm wrong.
Can you trust them?
Can you trust them?
We threw them away.
We have great news.
Tom ran down the hill.
Tom said not to worry.
Tom swam in the river.
We've got to leave.
It's a bad omen.
He has a perfect command of English.
Don't I get a hug?
Don't I get a hug?
Don't I even get an explanation?
Tom made you look like a fool.
Don't I have some say in this?
You can use my help.
You can use my help.
Can I kiss you?
May I kiss you?
May I kiss you?
He went on working.
We all fell asleep.
Are you a musician?
When I woke up, it was still dark outside.
I doubt Tom will come.
I can take you to Tom.
I can take you to Tom.
Tom didn't pick it up.
Tom didn't pick it up.
Get it out of here.
Get it out of here.
Get it out of here.
Get it out of here.
Is there a message?
She wore a pink belt that was as ugly as it was expensive.
She wore a pink belt that was as ugly as it was expensive.
Can we go upstairs?
Is there any proof?
Don't make me wait.
I know how to swim, but I don't like swimming in the river.
They tried that.
They won't let you in, Tom.
I usually go to bed around 11 p.m.
I have children that need me.
I'm going to need some money.
Tom should be given a chance.
Don't mention it, Tom.
How did you escape?
How did you escape?
Tom receives a high salary.
I still have a lot of questions I want to ask you.
Tom poured a cup of tea for me.
Tom put the lid on the box.
Tom studies French as well.
Tom swims well for his age.
Is that a new lamp?
My French is terrible.
Tom listened to my opinion.
It's in your truck.
It's in your truck.
It's in your truck.
It's in your truck.
It's in your truck.
It's in your truck.
It's in your truck.
It's in your truck.
It's in the closet.
It's in the closet.
It's in the closet.
What do you advise?
What did you order?
I immediately started crying.
I immediately started crying.
Don't you want to give me a hug?
Don't you want to give me a hug?
I broke my phone.
I'll marry you.
This road will lead you to the park.
Tom continued playing.
Let's meet at 6:30.
I took your advice.
It sounds great.
Tom waves to everyone.
Tom usually comes on time.
Tom will follow my advice.
Tom usually comes on time.
Tom is ready to fight.
We were so worried.
Tom promised not to smoke.
Tom made me a nice dinner.
You'll have to pay.
You'll have to pay.
You know my secret.
I also like apples.
Did you break it?
Did you break it?
Did you break it?
Did you break them?
Did you break them?
Did you steal them?
Did you steal them?
You broke it.
You broke it.
You broke it.
You broke it.
How dare you call me poor?
How dare you call me poor?
How dare you call me stupid?
How dare you call me stupid?
Have you been away?
I never doubted it.
I recorded you singing.
I recorded you singing.
I recorded you singing.
I can't win.
Tom never wears a hat.
I have a good crew.
I hate my eyebrows.
I hate this carpet.
It was a terrible mistake.
I forgot my jacket.
This is a desk.
Tom was very reliable.
Tom was very reliable.
I don't have a gun.
Tom lost his passport.
Where did you hide?
Hey, don't go away.
Hey, don't go away.
Choose your weapon.
Choose your weapon.
That's so terrible.
You've already won.
You've already won.
You've already won.
You'll be arrested.
You'll be arrested.
Tom threw me an apple.
Where's your proof?
They'll suspect me.
That's what counts.
That was excellent.
We must not allow this to happen.
Tom was in a great hurry.
Tom would be proud of me.
We just have to take that chance.
It works perfectly.
It works perfectly.
It works perfectly.
It works perfectly.
Tom hates air travel.
I want Tom to suffer.
Change the subject.
Change the subject.
I needed it yesterday.
I needed it yesterday.
I needed it yesterday.
They're leaving us.
Tom ordered a cup of tea.
Tom objected to our plan.
We went to each other's weddings.
We went to each other's weddings.
They went upstairs.
It's only a theory.
Tom objected to that.
They walked inside.
They kept drinking.
Tom started swearing.
We'll survive this.
Where do you swim?
I hate that book.
Tom admitted that he was afraid.
Tom was very rude to us.
Tom was very rude to me.
We'd better get back before dark.
Tom lives near the ocean.
We'll be ready when you get back.
Tom reached for his hat.
We don't negotiate.
We're really lucky.
We're really lucky.
Tom is modest.
What's been stolen?
What's your theory?
What's your theory?
This food is terrible.
Tom sat on the fence.
You're always busy.
You're always busy.
You're always busy.
Tom gave me his card.
Don't let Tom escape.
Tom is out to get me.
Everybody danced.
I buy milk almost every day.
I stole this book from the library.
Tom needs furniture.
Tom can't retire yet.
Tom is a voice actor.
Be here at six o'clock on the dot.
Be here at six o'clock on the dot.
The general meeting began at 9 am on the dot.
Who wants to fight?
Tom was also present.
I'd like you to translate this report into French.
He didn't buy it after all.
He didn't buy it after all.
Tom went on vacation.
Now I'm in trouble.
Now I'm in trouble.
I'm in big trouble.
You'll get over it.
You'll get over it.
Tom was eating alone.
Tom beat me at darts.
Guess what I bought today.
Guess what I bought today.
Tom seems to be babbling.
Are you in trouble?
Just throw it away.
Just throw it away.
It's a lot of work.
Both of her cheeks turned red.
Don't thank me yet.
Don't thank me yet.
Don't thank me yet.
Don't thank me yet.
His mother opened her eyes wide.
How much time will you need?
How much time will you need?
How much time will you need?
How much time will you need?
This pencil is red.
Do you want a bite?
Do you want a bite?
This joke is crude.
I hate his parents.
I hate her parents.
Tom never complained.
The brown hat is old.
Tom smiled awkwardly.
In the desert, I think.
Was I about to die?
He complains of the room being so small.
She never wears pants.
The post office is in the town centre.
If I had money, I would buy tickets for the concert.
The traffic is heavy here, especially in the morning.
I visited Paris in Europe.
I know his address, but it's a secret.
Why did you do that? "I had no choice."
You should do something you enjoy doing.
You should do something you enjoy doing.
Are you proud of me?
I love her, but she says ours is just friendship.
We're going to need both of them.
We're going to need both of them.
Tom quietly listened.
She quickly put the money out of sight.
She has many faults.
Her father could swim well when he was young.
Do not yell into my ear.
Do not yell into my ear.
He leaves at eight.
Tom is on his way in.
He was heartbroken.
Tom has finally gone.
The sugar is in the bag.
The sugar is in the bag.
That's a huge challenge.
We never use sugar.
There's no escape.
I'm at the library.
He earned her love.
He takes everything seriously.
Do you trust Tom now?
Do you trust Tom now?
She is resting now.
Tom won't be pleased.
She invited him in.
I hate that so much.
I'm just kidding.
I was just kidding.
She was just kidding.
I thought you were just kidding.
I thought you were just kidding.
Don't listen to me, I'm just kidding.
Don't listen to him. He's just kidding.
Don't listen to him. He's just kidding.
These two pieces don't fit together.
Those two pieces fit together.
This theory is very controversial.
This is something I'm very proud of.
Whose coat is this?
I think Tom is wrong.
Please say hello to your family.
You have a message.
What if Tom is wrong?
His fever subsided.
Her fever subsided.
Tom called me stupid.
Tom called me stupid.
Tom said he had been asked a lot of questions.
We went camping in August.
My shoes are brown.
How dangerous is Tom?
We can't swim here.
We never swim.
Tom wants to get a dog.
Do you swim often?
Tom told me to drive.
Tom told me to drive.
Tom told me to stop talking.
Go to bed, Tom.
I told Tom to quit bothering me.
Tom told me he likes going to concerts.
Tom told me that he likes to swim.
Tom told me not to buy any more.
Tom told me you liked going to concerts.
Tom told me you liked going to concerts.
They won't be able to find a hotel.
Tom told me that he wanted to study French.
Tom told me not to go into his bedroom.
Tom told me not to go into his bedroom.
My wife told me to throw this old hat away.
My wife told me to throw this old hat away.
Please, listen to me!
Please, listen to me!
I saw Tom kiss you.
I didn't swim.
Tom isn't an actor.
My heart was broken.
I swim a lot.
We don't swim.
I don't swim.
Just swim.
Please wake me up at 7.
Tom told me he was going to sell his house.
I'm doing exactly what you told me to do.
I'm doing exactly what you told me to do.
I told Tom to stop.
I told Tom to stop.
I told Tom to wear a hat.
The teacher told Tom to shut up.
I told Tom to wait for my instructions.
I told Tom to take out the garbage.
I told Tom to take out the garbage.
She told him to stop.
She told him to stop.
I told him to stop.
I told her to stop.
I told him to wear a hat.
They will arrive at the train station in seven hours.
I should've warned you earlier.
I told them to stop.
I told them to wear ties.
I told them to wear hats.
I told them to wear hats.
I told them to wear hats.
The teacher told them to stop fighting.
He is armed to the teeth.
Tom laughed politely.
Who touched my gun?
Don't touch my car.
Tom drives very fast.
What'll you give Tom?
What'll you give Tom?
Tom sings quite well.
Tom told me a secret.
Tom gave me this tie.
She remarried soon.
In other words, she's dumb.
He kept his hat on.
He gave me a watch.
He pulled the rope.
Tom was proud of you.
Tom was proud of you.
There can be only one explanation for that.
I memorized his name and address.
Can I ask you some questions?
Earth has one naturally occurring satellite, the Moon.
He played an active part in the revolution.
He played an active part in the revolution.
Tom has nothing left to sell.
You're insane!
Are you listening to the radio?
Are you listening to the radio?
The dog ate my homework.
I have greasy skin.
That's a very old song.
Can you teach me how to swim?
Can you teach me how to swim?
Tom bought me a kite.
We're here to support you.
We're here to support you.
We're here to support you.
We're here to support you.
I'm worried, too.
No one here can swim.
They won't swim.
They can't swim.
I won't swim.
We won't swim.
Can't you swim at all?
Can't you swim at all?
I still swim.
Do you swim often?
Will you swim?
Will you swim?
We both swim.
We both swim.
Did you swim?
Did you swim?
Tom didn't swim.
Tom cooked me dinner.
Tom is very cunning.
Tell Tom your theory.
Stop doing that, Tom.
Sales are down now.
I used to swim a lot.
What would you do in my shoes?
What would you do in my shoes?
I don't plan to swim.
I don't plan to swim.
We haven't had much luck lately.
Tom is on duty today.
Tom is an active boy.
Write it in pencil.
Write it in pencil.
Write it in pencil.
Write it in pencil.
Write it in pencil.
Write it in pencil.
You'll regret that!
That's a nice coat.
Tom folded the paper.
Take off your coat.
Take off your coat.
Tom is making coffee.
Let me know if you need my help.
Let me know if you need my help.
We studied together in the library.
Tom needed your help.
Tom needed your help.
It's already dark.
Hey, what happened?
Let me know if you need any help.
Let me know if you need any help.
That's my sole concern.
That's why Tom won.
That's why Tom won.
You broke the rule.
My advice would be to go home.
Are you telling me you can't swim?
Are you telling me you can't swim?
Tom is in the library.
That's why I care.
It's almost funny.
It's not bad here.
My horse ran away.
Tom helped us escape.
Tom is always in a bad mood.
You always tell it straight...but who needs your truth?
It was obviously a mistake.
My mom worries all the time.
I might be crazy, but not stupid.
We do all kinds of repairs.
One does not ask such questions!
Tom watched the news.
Few people expected him to win.
I'm a bit anxious.
Tom won the election.
We suffered a lot.
We have to find out how to do that.
I've made that same mistake myself.
My heart has broken into a thousand pieces.
Is there a restaurant in the hotel?
Tom is a dance teacher.
I wore this tie yesterday.
There's no reason to change our plans.
We have to make sure they're ready.
Tom gave us some apples.
We haven't even discussed that yet.
Tom is teaching me how to swim.
Here is your passport.
I saw Tom dance once.
I saw that report.
I just got back from the post office.
Can we fish there?
It's a good dream.
I gave Tom a blanket.
Tom is a great musician.
When was the last time you went swimming?
When was the last time you went swimming?
The store is having a sale today - buy one, get one free!
Beer sales are up.
How serious is it?
I found the cage empty.
Why didn't Tom speak?
Tom says it's urgent.
They had a choice.
I warned you once.
I warned you once.
It's to your left.
Why must I suffer?
Try to stay awake.
Try to stay awake.
Try to stay awake.
Try to stay awake.
I didn't need you.
I didn't need you.
She married my brother.
They're criminals.
Do something else.
Do something else.
Can we use this?
In general, she is a trustworthy person.
He is considered trustworthy.
Let's play a game.
Let's play a game.
You're acting like a fool.
You're acting like a fool.
I know the secret.
Is the exam today?
Is Tom pestering you?
Is Tom pestering you?
Didn't I warn you?
Isn't Tom courageous?
I hate that sound.
My palms are damp.
The guy had a gun.
I'm sick of white.
The girls laughed.
Hey, listen to me.
Hey, listen to me.
There was a fight.
What are you doing tonight?
Are you telling me you've never studied French?
Are you telling me you've never studied French?
Are you telling me you've never studied French?
I'd like to make a phone call.
Tom forgot to wear a hat.
Did you really swim for three hours yesterday?
Did you really swim for three hours yesterday?
Tom cooked dinner for us.
Are you sure Tom can swim?
Are you sure Tom can swim?
Tom is a very modest man.
Nobody will pay that much for something like that.
I'll call you when I leave.
I'll call you when I leave.
Keep your coat on.
Keep your coat on.
Just listen to me.
Just listen to me.
Jefferson believed the nation was in good hands.
Where's the truck?
I want my parents to be proud of me.
You are wonderful.
You are wonderful.
You are wonderful.
I'll take you to Tom.
I covered my ears.
You can't sell it.
You can't sell it.
I still have a report to write.
Why does Tom hate me?
You almost hit me.
You almost hit me.
You may need this.
Tom is interested in art.
The airbag saved my life.
This milk tastes terrible.
This milk tastes terrible.
Thank you for teaching me how to do this.
Tom named his dog Cookie.
The lake is surrounded by green hills.
He was one of the leaders of the revolution.
Can you remove it?
Can you remove it?
Can you remove it?
Can you remove it?
Tom doesn't hate you.
Tom doesn't hate you.
There aren't any books in French in the library.
Mom said if I misbehave, she'll take away the computer for a week.
Can you hear them?
Can you hear them?
Can you hear that?
Can you hear that?
Can we trust them?
I hate my sister.
I turned red.
Tom put his gun down.
Tom stole your money.
We'll play a game.
Lions are animals.
Why is she hiding?
Why is she hiding?
Is that a new tie?
Shall we sit down?
Stay in this room.
Stay in this room.
Tom is wearing a hat.
You gave it to us.
You gave it to us.
You gave it to us.
You gave it to us.
You gave it to me.
You gave it to me.
You gave it to me.
You gave it to me.
Who gave it to me?
Who gave it to me?
I never buy sugar.
Did you buy a gun?
Did you buy a gun?
May I come aboard?
Tom took his tie off.
I thought Tom would win.
I thought Hillary would win.
Do I have a fever?
Tom wrote the report.
Was there a fight?
That was so funny.
Go get some tools.
Go get some tools.
How can we get in?
How can we get in?
He was as naked as the day he was born.
A price rise is what followed after it.
They died while waiting to be rescued.
The young woman was so beautiful, that even the devil wanted to marry her.
Take your hands off her.
Look at those black clouds. It is going to rain.
You're my best customer.
How much is that computer?
They're all alike.
I'm on cloud nine.
It's a stupid law.
I was never brave.
The boldo tea is very bitter to me.
Why do they hate each other so much?
He has done that on purpose.
How long do you estimate that it will take?
How many flowers are you buying?
Fire is very hot.
Don't let them escape!
I've never really thought about having children.
Be home before dark.
Be home before dark.
No one has the right to tell you otherwise.
Tom snatched victory from the jaws of defeat.
Do you have a gun?
Do you have a gun?
Did you record it?
How was your date?
How was your date?
Is it that urgent?
Tell them to stop.
Tell them to stop.
Tell them to stop.
Tell them to stop.
Tom knocked him down.
Stay in your room.
Stay in your room.
She works in marketing.
The local population helps fight forest fires.
At the moment, the time difference between Japan and Italy is eight hours.
We didn't know each other until today.
We've got to get her to bed.
We've got to get her to bed.
We've got to get him to bed.
We've got to get him to bed.
We've got to get them to bed.
We've got to get them to bed.
The test results are still not in.
We had one chance.
Why are we hiding?
Tom was a great guy.
I was a passenger.
Tom is the owner of this land.
I want you to win.
I want you to win.
I want you to win.
I want you to win.
I'll be in my lab.
Tom is a decent guy.
Whoever stole the money should be caught, made to pay it back, and go to jail.
I kissed her.
I kissed her.
She inferred from his silence that he was angry.
He has a ring.
Lucky, aren't you?
Lucky, aren't you?
They were worried.
Besides a sofa and a table, there wasn't any furniture in the living room.
I'm sick of being stuck at home.
We don't have any chance of winning.
We don't have any chance of winning.
I swim three or four times a week.
You're not planning to stay up all night, are you?
You're not planning to stay up all night, are you?
Try to be on time.
Tell Tom that I'm driving.
Tell Tom that I'm driving.
We haven't really talked about this.
I'll take the children to school.
I'm looking for the Hilton Hotel.
Is today payday?
Tom was on vacation.
Do you want proof?
Do you want proof?
Do you want proof?
Do you want proof?
I want to give this to Tom.
I know Tom was proud of me.
We're not worried about that at all.
We're not really worried about that.
I see no reason to change our plans.
Does Tom like Chinese food?
I know you're responsible for this.
Tom took a shortcut through a dark alley.
You won't need it.
You won't need it.
You won't need it.
You won't need it.
You won't need it.
You won't need it.
Tom said I was rude.
You won't need me.
Tom got the message.
Tom hates that word.
Tom wanted to fight.
I won't fight you.
I won't leave you.
I won't leave you.
I won't need luck.
I bought all the apples.
Tom admitted defeat.
Tom is still active.
That's my concern.
You weren't wrong.
You weren't wrong.
Why am I so alone?
Why am I so alone?
Tom rarely goes out.
We haven't been able to achieve that.
We have to learn to trust each other.
Tom is by no means stupid.
Tom is absent from school.
We don't have a single thing to worry about.
I'd like a cup of coffee, too, please.
I'll buy this desk for Tom.
It's quite urgent.
It's an adventure.
I'm lucky.
Either Tom is wrong or I am.
Either Tom is wrong or I am.
He is a formidable opponent.
I'll drive myself.
Meg is preparing breakfast.
Have they escaped?
I still haven't decided who to give this to.
I could see Tom was unhappy.
Tom is responsible for it.
Tom is muttering something.
Don't ever change.
Don't ever change.
Don't fall asleep.
Don't fall asleep.
Tom didn't have enough experience to know what to do.
How bad is Tom hurt?
There are a lot of things I want to learn.
They followed you.
They arrested him.
We've got trouble.
We're going south.
What a wonderful view!
She looks happy, but deep down, she suffers.
Who won the election?
You're very brave.
I don't want to keep my friend waiting.
You're the owners.
He confessed all his sins.
Hearing Russian makes me think of ice and cold.
Luck only works sometimes — work always works.
Tom isn't used to driving a left-hand drive car.
We haven't yet discussed that problem.
We have a lot of children's books in the library.
Take me to them.
Tom didn't give me an ounce of trouble.
We have to make sure we get there on time.
We have to make sure we get there on time.
Tom failed to come on time.
I relayed the message to Tom.
I prepared breakfast for Tom.
We have to find out what's going on here.
Tom doesn't like computers.
Tom doesn't take vacations.
I know Tom is in great shape.
We'll figure things out sooner or later.
Tom doesn't like any sport.
You can sleep here if you want. I don't mind.
We have a lot of great guys on our team.
We have a lot of great guys on our team.
Are you sure we're allowed to swim here?
Are you sure we're allowed to swim here?
Tom didn't get paid for it.
Could you hear what Tom said?
Could you hear what Tom said?
Tom did it single-handedly.
We used to sit on these steps and talk.
The coat is too big for Tom.
Your suggestion seems reasonable.
Tom came half an hour late.
We have to figure out what our options are.
Think first!
It hurts terribly.
It works great.
You like swimming.
I use computers.
The populists won.
I prefer red.
Kill all murderers!
Kill all murderers!
Arrest the police!
Keep it secret!
It's urgent!
Tom is a real estate agent.
Tom is a real estate agent.
Kyoto is an exceptionally pretty city.
We have eggs.
It's a pity that you're leaving Japan.
We went dancing.
In Japan, it's the norm.
Hey, you know what?
Harry, I'm worried.
Tom intends to change that.
Tom is always dissatisfied.
The woman hugged the baby.
I wanna destroy YouTube.
All Tom does is complain.
We want to get out of here as soon as we can.
Tom has promised to do that.
We have to find out why they want us to do this.
I asked the student to quiet down. It was like talking to a wall, nothing happened.
How many books are in your library?
Tom doesn't know what a star is and what a celestial body is.
Guess what I've got.
Guess what I've got.
Guess what I've got for you.
Guess what I've got for you.
Please don't force me to eat that.
Tom is sure that he'll win.
Tom wants a new hat.
They're wonderful.
They're identical.
No one can get in.
I wanted to fight.
Who wants to ask a question?
Who doesn't want to win?
Who wants to go to the park?
I want to be proud of who I am.
I want to know who helped you do your homework.
I want to know who helped you do your homework.
I wanted to get married. You're the one who didn't.
I wanted to get married. You're the one who didn't.
I wanted to get married. You're the one who didn't.
Let's go upstairs.
Let's go upstairs.
Tom kept the letter.
Guess how tall I am.
Guess how tall I am.
Are the results good? "Yes, they're excellent."
We ordered the products on time. However, they won’t be dispatched until next month.
Give me the keys. I'll drive.
Give me the keys. I'll drive.
Of course, I'll marry you.
Put your hat back on.
What do you want to do now?
What do you want to do now?
Do you want to learn to drive?
What may I eat?
Tom became extremely weak.
You look terrible.
You look terrible.
You look terrible.
OK, let's assume you're right.
It's impossible to change it now.
It's impossible to change it now.
Tom is the one who woke me up.
He'll get over it.
I can't leave you.
I'm going to hang up now.
Let no one escape.
Let no one escape.
I don't want to worry him.
I don't want to worry her.
He objects whenever he wants to.
How's this going to end?
You don't have to know all the details.
I want to talk to the press.
If you want to try it, go ahead and try it.
Please don't make me eat that.
Please don't make me eat that.
Why are you asking so many questions?
Why are you asking so many questions?
Tom is the owner.
Tom goes swimming almost every day.
Why would anybody kiss me?
Jimmy is my foster child.
Have you gone completely insane?
I think we can pull it off.
This was, of course, a lie.
You're not the only one with secrets.
Everyone in town is gossiping about us.
This is only a symptom of a deeper problem.
How will Tom get in?
Do you see a rose?
Do you see a rose?
Do you see a rose?
Tom let us all down.
Maybe I was wrong.
Did Tom ask you on a date?
That wasn't fun.
I was serious when I said I loved you.
You're such a pig.
You're in trouble.
You're in trouble.
Tom became a sailor.
Tom has ordered one.
Tom has ordered one.
Tom has ordered one.
How did you guess?
How did you guess?
I didn't break it.
I didn't break it.
I didn't break it.
I didn't break it.
I didn't break it.
I didn't break it.
Tom should thank me.
Tom should thank me.
I'm leaving at 2:30.
This hat is yours.
This hat is yours.
You're so stupid.
He touched her on the shoulder.
What a great idea!
Did you buy juice?
Tom came to save me.
Tom can't leave now.
How about tonight?
I didn't steal it.
Have you tried it?
Have you tried it?
Have you tried it?
Have you tried it?
Do you like juice?
Tom hates all of us.
Put this shawl on.
Put this shawl on.
Tom has had his say.
Tom is very unhappy.
This lake is private. Fishing here is forbidden.
Tom isn't that dumb.
Why take the risk?
It isn't over yet.
He drives a truck.
Why worry so much?
Why worry so much?
Do the computers work?
Where are the computers?
Tom looked very sad.
Sounds good to me.
Tom missed his stop.
He won everything.
OK, I'll order it.
OK, I'll order it.
Tom says he's dying.
The meeting ended.
You broke my nose.
You broke my nose.
What did you hide?
What did you hide?
How much do you believe him?
There are still many things left to learn about the human brain.
Let me help you clear the table.
Don't wake him up.
Don't wake him up.
Don't wake her up.
Don't wake her up.
I'll give it to Tom.
I'll give it to Tom.
I don't recommend that.
On Sundays I rest.
I am on the right.
You're a murderer.
They headed westward.
Lock the gate.
We're out of beer.
Her nails are red.
When does it open?
When does it open?
Tom swims every day.
When was Tom killed?
Most people agree.
Most people agree.
Give me a spoon.
She talks so much.
I've studied French.
Please don't make noise.
Tom is my agent.
Please don't do anything stupid.
Please don't do anything stupid.
Is that your roommate?
She peeked inside.
Tom peeked inside the box.
I stopped asking questions.
I stopped asking questions.
I stopped asking questions.
I stopped asking questions.
Tom is a secret agent.
She leaned over and kissed his cheek.
It was a horrendous experience.
I just told you. Are you deaf?
Use acrylic paint.
Use acrylic paint.
This is a serious setback.
I'm bad at sports.
She has yet to answer any of the questions.
Tom wants to retire.
Tom is taking notes.
I didn't realize Tom lives here.
I was very proud of that.
I really thought I'd win.
I've been wanting to ask you out for a long time.
Tom has changed his opinion.
I'm happy it's over now.
I prefer warmer weather.
I had a great time here.
I know I can win.
I know I can win.
I'm going to leave you.
I'm going to leave you.
I hope everyone agrees.
I don't worry about it.
I should've run away.
Tom kissed me on the cheek.
I felt very sad.
I must destroy you.
I know it was an accident.
I told Tom that I agreed with him.
We're approaching the end of our journey.
Tom couldn't catch the rabbit.
Tom advised me not to do that.
The coward is the first to raise his fist.
I never closed the windows.
I don't want to leave here.
I've learned so much here.
I hope Tom will follow my advice.
I wasn't expecting to win.
I doubt that Tom really did that.
I should've run away then.
I agree with much of what Tom said.
I don't know if I trust you.
I don't know if I trust you.
Tom has bought a new computer.
I've certainly learned a lot.
I'm going to change all that.
I still can't believe we won.
I still can't believe we won.
I started crying like a baby.
I didn't see the need for it.
Tom is reading in his bedroom.
I've decided to lose weight.
He broke his word.
Tom is leaving home.
He stole my watch.
Tom is going inside.
Tom didn't give us any details.
I have no interest in fashion.
I choose what I buy carefully.
I've got quite a lot of hats.
Tom escaped through the window.
I thought it was a great idea.
Tom didn't want to participate.
Tom didn't want to participate.
I feel like eating something.
I don't want to waste my money.
I've made many mistakes in my lifetime.
Please take out the trash.
Tom swept me off my feet.
Haven't you been watching the news?
Haven't you been watching the news?
Tom found his bedroom unlocked.
Tom won't be able to do it by himself, so we need to ask someone to help him.
I don't want to do what I'm planning to do, but I have no choice.
Is that a ring?
I'm trying to find out when it happened.
I'm not leaving until I get paid.
I let Tom win.
I let Tom win.
I let Tom win.
I let Tom win.
I let Tom win.
You're an amazing woman.
I had a couple of questions, but I didn't ask them.
Please come back inside.
It was a wonderful evening.
I need a hat.
How much did that spaceship cost?
I want to have my name taken off the list.
Tom went into hiding.
I want to be paid in cash.
She advised him to lose weight.
Breakfast is from seven to nine.
I fully agree with everything Tom said.
It took Tom thirty minutes to get there.
Tom may win this time.
I am leaving for London tomorrow.
We need a new leader.
Are you sure you don't want to come inside?
There isn't much furniture in my house.
We just wanted to win.
He took a taxi to the station.
The choice is very simple.
Tom argues just for the sake of arguing.
My apartment has a living room, a bedroom, a kitchen and a bathroom.
I advise you not to borrow money from your friends.
I advise you not to borrow money from your friends.
I have no interest in his private life.
I have no interest in money.
I have no interest in fashion.
Around the city ran a river.
Take off your clothes and lie down on the bed!
She never said that, as far as I know.
He never said that, as far as I know.
I just want to win, that's all.
I just want to win, that's all.
I'm the one who asked you the question.
I'm the one who asked you the question.
I cooked supper last night.
Tom seems relatively happy.
Men should always treat women with respect.
How hard can this be?
Even in paradise it is not good to be alone.
I don't want to hurt my son's feelings.
Five years ago my wife cheated on me.
Not everyone agreed.
I rarely remember my dreams.
I was born in my mother’s second marriage.
As far as I know, that never happened.
Traffic's crazy today.
I hope you had a great weekend.
I hope you had a great weekend.
Eventually, Tom found out what had happened.
I have to deliver this package to Tom Jackson.
I think you will be a great father.
Do you have a permit?
I'm pretty sure Tom doesn't know how to swim.
I think I really learned a lot.
I think it's a wonderful thing.
I would like to book a room.
I would like to learn how to dance.
I would really like to explore this cave.
I would like to go to Austria to study music.
I still haven't decided what to give Tom for his birthday.
I still haven't decided what to give Tom for his birthday.
I tried that a couple of times.
I'm very lonely here.
I'm very lonely here.
Do you like hiking?
Which sport do you like practising?
Tom didn't get off the airplane with the rest of the passengers.
I feel like an idiot.
My hair is greasy.
Tom has already won.
I wish I were a prince.
I wish I could swim.
How I wish I could swim.
Don't you trust Tom?
Fall is a good season for reading.
I tried to warn everyone.
I'm not sad.
I want a new oven.
I couldn't get in.
I tried to escape.
I got very sleepy.
I want you to marry me.
I think we're going to win.
He'll probably win in the next election.
I doubt that you are as busy as you say you are.
It has taken forty-six years to build this temple.
I feel great today.
I hate chalk. It leaves powder on your hands.
I try to keep a low profile.
Can you swim well?
Can you swim well?
Tom went upstairs.
You made an error.
Tom stopped arguing.
Never tell the truth when a lie will do.
Tom rushed upstairs.
The dog was dying.
Tom never complains.
Tom isn't suffering.
Let's take a rest.
Turn on the radio.
My daughter is buying milk in the shop.
How much time is left?
Put on your shoes.
Put on your shoes.
We should give Tom another chance.
Valentina Tereshkova piloted Vostok 6 and became the first woman in space.
I want to make sure you know what to do.
I want to make sure you know what to do.
You'll never be able to do that without help.
Let's meet at the station.
I'm not Jewish, but my father is.
Have a pleasant journey.
Who's that girl waving at me?
Tom puts sugar in his coffee, but I prefer mine without it.
Let me find out.
This is a picture.
This is a great apartment.
I'm tired of keeping secrets.
Tom is checking his messages on his phone.
Several men are fishing from the riverbank.
Your own father doesn't trust you.
How tall is the Eiffel Tower?
I thought Tom was trying to impress me.
I'm on leave.
Without me, you won't be able to do it.
Without me, you won't be able to do it.
I've got news for you, Tom.
Look under the seat.
David has so many girlfriends that he can't remember all of their names.
Don't make me wait long.
Don't make me do this.
Don't make me suffer.
Don't make me suffer.
Don't make me leave.
Don't make me go.
Don't make me go.
Don't make me go.
Don't make me go.
I'm very proud of our students.
Tom looked around the room, making sure that everything was alright.
He didn't have to say it twice.
She didn't have to say it twice.
I don't know if I can trust you.
I don't know if I can trust you.
You may be wrong.
I get sad when it rains.
We can stop this.
He's already been under house arrest for two years.
Which one do you prefer, the red one or the blue one?
Which one do you prefer, the red one or the blue one?
Which one do you prefer, the red one or the blue one?
Which one do you prefer, the red one or the blue one?
Which one do you prefer, the red one or the blue one?
Which one do you prefer, the red one or the blue one?
Even expert drivers can make mistakes.
What's your favorite drink in the winter?
Saturn has a lot of moons.
Tom has just returned from the post office.
Tom lives in a brown house.
The police found out where the criminal lived.
Tom doesn't need to tell me what to do.
When do you want to go to the library?
I think you ought to postpone the meeting.
By the way, have you heard from her since then?
By the way, have you heard from her since then?
By the way, today is the 8th of June — my wife's birthday.
Now it's my turn to ask a question.
Do you trust me? "No."
Do you trust me? "No."
At the time, I thought it was a mistake. I was wrong.
That's not surprising at all.
It would be funny, if it wasn't so sad.
You live and learn. Or you don't live long.
Tom isn't worried.
Where did you buy that hat?
Where did you buy that hat?
Where did you get that hat?
Where did you get that hat?
Where on earth did you get that hat?
Where on earth did you get that hat?
Irish is the first official language of Ireland.
I've been alone all my life.
So, what do you want to do?
So, what do you want to do?
I get sad when it rains.
I liked the show.
I like gardening.
I have gray hair.
I was really sad.
When did Tom escape?
It hurts to move.
I just hate them.
We can go inside.
I don't want to let that happen.
I don't think you can change it.
I don't think you can change it.
I don't think you can change it.
I don't think you can change it.
I don't think I broke any rules.
I could eat this for every meal.
Tom knew that he was dying.
I'm really proud of those guys.
I'm really proud of those guys.
I'm really proud of these kids.
I'm not too worried about that.
Tom felt really bad about what had happened.
Tom was the one who asked all the questions.
I'm going to do something else.
I'm giving you one more chance.
I'm going to do something else.
I won't run away like a coward.
I won't run away like a coward.
I won't fight with you anymore.
I won't fight with you anymore.
I wonder where Tom learned to do that.
I was always interested in art.
I hope you all learn something.
I never would've allowed that.
Give them a second chance.
Give them a second chance.
Tom is their leader.
Tom complained about the weather.
We expect to win.
It's a nice town.
It was good news.
I hope it's over.
Did I invite you?
Tom awaited the news with bated breath.
I was so unhappy.
I was so unhappy.
I was so unhappy.
I was so unhappy.
Some people still believe that the world is flat.
Some people believe that the world is flat.
Tom cried over Mike's shoulder.
I laughed so hard tears streamed down my face.
Tell me the news.
Tell me the news.
It'll have to do.
I refuse to help.
I refuse to work.
I leaned forward.
I think this is a terrible idea.
I don’t know what her intentions are.
You have my mug.
You have my mug.
They deceived us.
I answered your questions. Now let me ask you a few.
Look at it closely.
Look at it closely.
Look at it closely.
Look at it closely.
Are you an angel?
Are you an angel?
She looks just like an angel.
He looks just like an angel.
It seemed like a fairy tale.
He seemed like some sort of prince from a fairy tale.
I think we have a bright future.
Are you an angel? "Yes," the angel responded.
Hey, what's that?
That's how Tom won.
Tom didn't need it.
Tom didn't need it.
Tom didn't need it.
Come back inside.
Come back inside.
Come back inside.
Come back inside.
Don't let Tom swim.
From now on, no more TV before you have done your homework.
We threw it away.
Can they hear us?
I don't understand this.
Did you do well in the exam?
We can still win.
We may need this.
We may need them.
You can use mine.
You can use mine.
You can use mine.
The Socialist Party only got 18% of the votes.
Maybe Tom will win.
Send Tom a message.
Give me this hat.
I just want you to listen to me.
I just want you to listen to me.
Tom isn't responsible for what happened.
Tom isn't responsible for what happened.
Tom wants to fight.
Be there at noon.
Be there at noon.
I'll go upstairs.
The cat knows whose sausage it ate.
This job doesn't require special training.
They should treat people with more respect.
You should treat people with more respect.
Tom is exceptional.
I hate my family.
Tom took off his belt.
Are you on board?
Are you on board?
You've got some paint on your nose.
Look at the moon.
You've got some paint on your nose.
Tom interrupted me.
Try not to laugh.
Try not to laugh.
I would do the same exact thing.
Tom wasn't worried.
Tom wasn't worried.
I hate talking about politics.
He lived in Europe for fifteen years.
The radio was on.
Maria doesn't eat food that's sold on the street.
We wish you luck.
We wish you luck.
We have a theory.
Tom glared at them.
You're a lunatic.
Tom lifted the lid.
Tom died in a fire.
Tom looks very sad.
I made you lunch.
I made you lunch.
Tom ran downstairs.
Tom was born blind.
I can carry that.
Why don't we sit?
We won't need it.
We won't need it.
We won't need it.
I don't need you.
Hey, don't worry.
Oh, don't worry.
Oh, don't worry.
You'll need more.
You'll need more.
You'll never win.
You'll never win.
You'll never win.
Tom stole my watch.
The white rabbit was invisible in the snow.
You already paid.
You can't escape.
You can't win, Tom.
Where's your hat?
I hope Tom's wrong.
Why does Tom hate you so much?
Tom is a big coward.
They arrested me.
It's pretty dark.
It's nearly dark.
Tom swam yesterday.
It's been stolen.
It's been stolen.
Tom is a great guy.
Tom raised his hat.
Why is Tom leaving?
I'm wasting time.
I'm leaving soon.
Tom hates shopping.
Classes are over.
They went inside.
Do you trust Tom yet?
Do you trust Tom yet?
The actor was on the stage for most of the play.
They make a great team.
They hurried off.
They hurried off.
They hurried out.
Tom hates his name.
Tom hugged his dog.
Ha! I beat you.
We both looked ridiculous.
We both looked ridiculous.
They both looked ridiculous.
They both looked ridiculous.
My salary doesn't suit me. I am going to look for a different job.
The roof collapsed under the weight of the snow.
We all thought he was crazy.
They all thought Tom was crazy.
Tom thinks he's a genius, but I don't agree with him.
Tom thinks he's a genius, but I don't agree with him.
Tom put on his snow pants.
You're not bad at this.
Our school library is small, but new.
How can people be so blind?
This train stops at every station.
What would happen if I pushed this button?
I should've asked for permission first.
How can you be so blind?
How can you be so blind?
How can you be so blind?
How can you be so blind?
How can you be so blind?
How can you be so blind?
How can you be so blind?
How can you be so blind?
How can you be so blind?
How can people be so blind?
Tom scraped the ice off his car windows.
We're the owners.
She's in trouble.
He's in trouble.
Do you think he's in trouble?
Do you think he's in trouble?
I've come to ask you a question.
I've come to ask you a question.
I've come to ask you a question.
I've come to ask you a question.
I've come to ask you a question.
I've come to ask you a question.
I've come to ask you a question.
I've come to ask you a question.
I agree with everything you said.
Tom is worried about his children.
I'm sure you'll never regret it.
I'm sure you'll never regret it.
I'm ready to throw in the towel.
You're so modest.
You're so modest.
You're so modest.
You're so modest.
You're so stupid.
You're so stupid.
You're so stupid.
You aren't crazy.
You aren't crazy.
You aren't crazy.
Are you being coerced?
I'm sure Tom would be delighted.
I'm sure Tom would be delighted.
Don't doubt his words.
What did Tom order?
Tom locked his car.
Tom opened the lid.
I agree with both of you.
I agree with both of you.
I think this word is no longer in use.
Tomas believes the earth is flat.
It's already day. The long night is over.
He doesn't have a hat on.
You won.
Let's play darts.
I didn't have very many visitors.
I didn't know I was going to win.
Tom has been driving without a license.
Tom lost control of the car.
Are you American?
I pay Tom's salary.
We can't risk it.
What a cute baby!
I didn't realize what that meant.
Don't be pigs.
This time we won.
Iron is hard.
I didn't want to paint a picture.
I paid ten dollars for the book.
Tom couldn't help but laugh out loud.
I changed my name to Tom.
Tom came home after dark.
Are you an idiot?
Are you an idiot?
I paid ten dollars for the book.
The United States has close ties to Mexico.
I didn't think I was going to win.
I expected you thirty minutes ago.
I expected you thirty minutes ago.
I need to finish writing this report by Monday.
Tom is old enough to drive a car.
Tom bought me everything I wanted.
But we know his intentions are good.
I regret kissing you.
I regret kissing you.
They all thought that Tom was crazy
We'll pay for it.
We're going to pay for this.
The school is on a hill.
Can you survive on your salary?
I cannot hate you.
I cannot hate you.
Tom leaned forward.
Prince John was buried with full ceremony.
Please move back.
Please move back.
Where's Tom headed?
The accident happened right before our eyes.
The accident happened right before my eyes.
We're out of tea.
Tom wasn't leaving.
Tom wants evidence.
Tom stepped inside.
My favorite color is brown.
I hate using adapters.
Where's my phone book?
Tom skipped school.
Let's go dancing.
Let's go dancing.
Let's go dancing.
Tom nodded faintly.
Tom looks horrible.
Spring is coming.
Everything flows.
Winter is coming.
I was so unhappy then.
I was so unhappy then.
Can I leave him a message?
I'm very worried.
Lunch is at noon.
Don't get caught.
I want to eat it.
I want to eat it.
Don't touch that.
I'll eat it here.
I'll eat it here.
My album is here.
We all thought Tom was crazy.
Her behavior is my primary concern.
Stop jumping on the bed.
It all ended as suddenly as it started.
Hey, look what I found.
Tom shook his head.
He had no hat on.
In Spain, it's the Three Kings that bring the children their presents.
Tom ate like a pig.
He ate all of it.
Cross the street.
Cross the street.
How did Tom escape?
Tom hasn't received any messages.
Don't waste time.
Don't waste time.
I pointed at him.
Tom cooks with gas.
Tom was very sad.
How stupid of me!
We saw her dance.
We saw her dance.
She is no beauty.
Tom is a brave man.
Do you know where Tom hides his money?
Do you know where Tom hides his money?
Do you know who Tom is hiding from?
Do you know who Tom is hiding from?
I can usually tell when someone is hiding something from me.
I have no idea where Tom hid the money.
I'm pretty sure that Tom is hiding the truth from us.
Tom hid the house key under a rock in the garden.
Do you know where Tom could have hidden his money?
Do you know where Tom could have hidden his money?
I have no idea where Tom hid the money.
Put on your coat.
The man ran away.
Tom finally discovered the truth.
Let's play cards.
Let's play cards.
How lucky we are!
How unlucky I am!
Tom is always up-to-date with the latest news.
Tom liked to draw.
Tom liked to draw.
Tom hid his money.
You'll pay for what you did to him.
This is our first date.
This is our first date, and probably our last.
Can I pay later?
Can I pay later?
I like old cars.
I like old cars.
Is this your red pencil?
Nobody got paid.
I felt relieved.
The murderer dumped the body in the lake.
Let me sit down.
We all suffered.
Would $300 help?
Tom helped us win.
I guess I agree.
I lived in Australia for three years.
I paid my bills.
We can pay cash.
Try not to fall.
Try not to fall.
I wasn't lonely.
I wasn't lonely.
We followed you.
We followed you.
You're geniuses.
Where's it used?
That's over now.
Stop that noise.
Stop that noise.
Let me continue.
Let me continue.
I paid my taxes.
Tom said such horrible things to me.
He started the day with a good breakfast.
Hey, I can help.
Tom was overjoyed.
You blew it, Tom.
Did you sign it?
Did you sign it?
Did you sign it?
Did you sign it?
My ring is gone.
Have pity on me.
Take me to them.
Can I trust you?
Can I trust you?
Can I order now?
Can you hear it?
Can you hear it?
Where do I sign?
Get me some ice.
Get me some ice.
Get my tool box.
Get my tool box.
Tom isn't serious.
We can hear you.
We can hear you.
Tell me who won.
Tell me who won.
Tell me who won.
Tell me who won.
Did Tom win again?
It's all so sad.
Are you anxious?
Are you anxious?
Can we eat this?
Tom bought a coat.
Don't swim here.
Don't swim here.
Can you trust Tom?
Let's sit here on this bench.
Don't try to trick us.
Don't try to trick us.
I didn't know that until this morning.
I really thought we were going to win.
You like apples.
Is that my robe?
You must be mad.
You were a fool.
You were a fool.
I threw it out.
I threw it out.
Tom hates secrets.
You'd regret it.
You'd regret it.
Tom broke the law.
Tom can't hear us.
Tom can't beat me.
I have to leave.
I don't worry about that kind of stuff.
Do you think Tom hates me?
Do you think Tom hates me?
I can't pay you.
I can't pay you.
Tom is a nice boy.
I won't need it.
I won't need it.
I won't need it.
Oh, don't worry.
You're a coward!
You're a coward!
Turn on the gas.
Turn on the gas.
Tom never paid me.
Tom must be wrong.
Tom must be wrong.
You must listen.
You must listen.
You should rest.
You should rest.
How do squirrels remember where they buried their food?
I could tell he was hurt.
There's no gold.
These are great.
How important?
The boy has a paint spot on his shirt.
Stop jumping on the bed.
Stop jumping on the bed.
That's the news.
Stop that truck.
Now I'm worried.
I'm in prison for a crime I didn't commit.
I think we have a good chance of winning.
Tom is worried about his health.
I can't remember where I put my passport.
I can't remember where I put my passport.
I don't really want to go swimming today.
Tom says a lot of stupid things.
I should've gone to yesterday's meeting.
I should've gone to yesterday's meeting.
Tom is getting on your nerves, isn't he?
Tom is getting on your nerves, isn't he?
Tom is our client.
Bring your wife.
Bring your wife.
Are you leaving?
Are you leaving?
Are you leaving?
Are you leaving?
There was a fire in this city last night.
There was a big fire in the store.
There was a big fire in the store.
There was a big fire last night.
Tom didn't buy it.
Tom didn't buy it.
I watched Tom die.
Give Tom a chance.
Give Tom a chance.
We would need money.
The baby was crying.
How old were you when your father was killed?
She couldn't keep from crying.
I heard it on the news today.
I'd like to buy a wooden spoon.
I'd like to buy a wooden spoon.
Tom has been blind since birth.
How do you know you can trust Tom?
How do you know you can trust Tom?
Do you think Tom will like the concert?
Do you think Tom will like the concert?
I am dying of hunger.
Tom pressed a hidden button.
You're so funny.
You're so funny.
You're so funny.
You're so funny.
You're so funny.
You're an angel.
You're an angel.
You're a coward.
I am a reporter.
Tom was swimming with us yesterday.
Tom wants you to take out the garbage.
Tom wants you to take out the garbage.
Tom isn't leaving.
I've met the most wonderful girl in the world.
I expect Tom will win.
There is a page missing from this report.
Tom doesn't drive.
Hey. I know you.
Hey. I know you.
There's a fire downtown.
You can have it.
You can have it.
Americans have the right to bear arms.
Will you help me with the translation?
Will you help me with the translation?
I'm not worried.
Tom will remember.
Could I get my ring back?
Tom hates waiting in line.
I thought Tom was wrong.
We can eat lunch on the bus.
Can you hear us?
Can you hear us?
Don't make me sing.
Don't make me sing.
No arrests were made.
You just turned the radio on.
Tom must be proud of you.
Tom must be proud of you.
I'm in the post office.
There is a post office at the end of the street.
I knew Tom would win.
Tom was the one who taught me how to sing country music.
You have wonderful eyes.
How long has it been going on?
How high above sea level are we?
Every rose has its thorns.
Jenny dances the samba.
Try to ignore her.
Try to ignore her.
Try to ignore him.
Try to ignore him.
Try to ignore them.
Try to ignore them.
Never look back.
Never look back.
Let me carry it.
Let me carry it.
Let me carry it.
Let me carry it.
Give me the gun.
I had a neighbor who was blind.
I'm sure Tom can swim.
Good luck to you, Tom.
Tom was the one who taught me how to play this song.
Tom drives slowly.
Remind me later.
Tom guessed right.
Tom guessed right.
Bring me my hat.
Tom skipped lunch.
She is a genius.
Bring him to me.
Bring him to me.
Bring her to me.
Bring her to me.
Tom wouldn't mind.
Tom wouldn't mind.
Tom felt relieved.
A kiss without a mustache is like an egg without salt.
Is she asleep?
Is he asleep?
Is she asleep?
Tom is a reporter.
Tom is an amateur.
The cup is full.
You let me down.
You let me down.
Great, isn't it?
Tom likes sports.
They are pilots.
He is a sly fox.
Tom is no leader.
Fold up the map.
I'll do my best.
Are you kidding?
Tom is tone deaf.
Tom bought a hat.
Don't look back.
The leaves on the trees have begun to change colors.
Tom stirred the soup with a spoon.
Send it by mail.
Send it by mail.
Send it by mail.
Send it by mail.
I feel relieved.
Tom lost his hat.
Tom got an A on the exam.
What can I eat?
How did we win?
How did we win?
Did Tom push you?
Did Tom push you?
They hugged us.
I refuse to go.
I shouldn't have kissed you.
I shouldn't have kissed you.
You're so nice.
You're so nice.
Tom wanted proof.
Tom saw the news.
Tom will need more money.
Tom sat on the porch and drank tea.
I forgot to put sugar in your tea.
Tom wanted proof.
Tom needed money.
Hey, are you Tom?
Bring the kids.
Bring the kids.
I will stop it.
Hide that book.
Tom cut the rope.
Tom cut the rope.
I wasn't lucky.
Did I wake you?
Can we stop it?
Don't be fooled again.
Guess what I had for breakfast.
Guess what I had for breakfast.
Tom pushed the elevator call button.
I see no need to tell Tom.
Is Monday OK?
You're experienced.
That's highly unlikely.
I'm so proud of my team.
I didn't know Tom was good at swimming.
Why don't you just sit there and listen?
I didn't buy that.
My neighbor was arrested last night.
Mary's sentences are correct and easy to understand.
I'm worried about Tom being alone.
Fish is good for you.
Tom hung the picture on the wall.
Tom pointed to the floor.
We're going to need you here.
Tom said you didn't like sports.
I'll tell Tom he's got nothing to worry about.
Do you think we'll get to the station in time?
I couldn't keep from crying.
You can't just leave me here to die.
That never happens to me.
How did you get out of your room?
How did you get out of your room?
They agreed to start early.
I don't want your gold.
Where did you learn to do that?
You're no help.
I never realized you were interested in Japanese art.
Stop hitting your sister.
Stop hitting your sister.
He put salt into his cup of coffee by mistake.
I want to have a cup of coffee.
Tom said he saw a lion yesterday.
The sun is setting below the horizon.
The boat passed under the bridge.
Tom is giving you a second chance.
It's time for the news on Channel 79.
Watch out! There are five hungry Soviet cows in the garden!
Tom will help us tomorrow. "I wouldn't count on it."
You know you can count on me.
Tom is counting on your support.
Tom changed the light bulb.
Tom tucked his shirt into his pants.
They arrived half an hour early.
The moon was above the horizon.
How many apples do you want me to buy?
Make sure we haven't overlooked anything.
Did you just call me a monkey?
If you could choose the genes for your children, would you?
I couldn't help but smile.
The punishment for Tom shall be death.
Tom has put out three albums.
She showed me his album.
There is no need to take his advice if you don't want to.
Tom tested the bath's temperature with his toe.
Can you tell me what the temperature is down there at the moment?
I'm sure Tom can't swim.
I'm sure Tom can't swim.
Tom wrapped himself in his blanket.
I'm going to have a heavy day.
A WMV file is a video file.
I want to go to the top of the Eiffel Tower.
I guessed right in nine cases out of ten.
The chief is speaking to me.
A doctor examined Mr. Brown.
Who called 911?
Country life is very peaceful in comparison with city life.
When summer is over, the days grow shorter and shorter.
Last year they built a summer house.
That happens often enough in the summer.
Tom was killed with this knife.
Luckily, nobody was killed in the fire.
Tom knows who killed his dog, but he won't tell us.
Thousands were killed or wounded.
He was killed instantly.
Tom had to admit defeat.
Tom was killed instantly.
Tom really played well.
I need a leather folder.
I need a leather briefcase.
Tom is under suspicion.
I had trouble falling asleep last night.
I don't ask questions.
It is dark in that room.
Tom made a clean getaway.
I must report this to them.
I had trouble falling asleep last night.
These eggs are fresh.
Tom, you're a genius.
We're sure that it was an accident.
You shouldn't talk about your friends behind their backs.
The kids have homework.
Although Tom could not afford it, he bought the sports car because he is going through his second childhood.
Tom won't speak to me and I don't know why.
Tom is encouraging his students.
He will come with his wife, as is often the case with foreigners.
Tom is a monk.
When are you going to trust me?
Tom fell asleep under the tree.
Father bought me a model plane.
Great minds discuss ideas, average minds discuss events, small minds discuss people.
Here's what I learned.
I totally agree with what you say.
How big a deal was it?
Tom comes from the south.
The clouds are coming from the south.
Why is this computer here?
Tom is an experienced teacher.
Tom won't be able to handle this alone.
Tom won't be able to handle this alone.
Your shirt has a button missing.
Your shirt has a button missing.
Dog food is expensive.
Good luck with that, Tom.
Good luck with that, Tom.
Tom will spend the rest of his life in prison.
It seems that Tom knows the secret.
Tom told me that he forgot where he hid the key.
I totally agree with what you say.
My roots are there.
What else is in the closet?
What's in this closet?
She likes Chinese food.
I don't see any reason to complain.
Don't risk your life for me.
We're going to need them.
This hat is too small. Please show me another one.
I know that Tom expects me to help him.
Tom is sure to accomplish whatever he sets out to do.
I'm just saying we can't trust Tom.
It would be stupid to say no.
I wish there were a more modern translation of this book.
I wish there were a more modern translation of this book.
There's something about this translation that isn't quite right.
There's something about this translation that isn't quite right.
I have read many of his novels in translation.
I have read many of his novels in translation.
I think you're causing problems.
The books are on the bench.
Will that make a difference?
You're risking your career.
I'm sure you'll make the right choice.
I'm sure you'll make the right choice.
I'm sure you'll make the right choice.
I'm sure you'll make the right choice.
You're just being ridiculous.
I was horrible.
My imagination is limitless.
Thanks for understanding, Tom.
Yes, we can change.
Hey, what's going on here?
I totally agree on that.
I know why there are so many people who love chopping wood.
This is our park.
Someone stole my dartboard.
This isn't good news.
This isn't good news.
Don't worry. Tsunamis are very rare.
Don't worry. Tsunamis are very rare.
Don't do this. You'll regret it.
My child learned to talk at nine months old.
My mom is proud of me.
Tom is my colleague and my friend.
I talked to my coworkers about it.
I talked to my coworkers about it.
I can't draw.
Hey, come here.
We trusted him.
Cut your nails.
What are you hiding from us?
What are you hiding from us?
Pick me up at 2:30.
Monday was a horrible day.
That apple was really tasty.
Tom is trying not to make any noise.
I'm so lonely.
I trusted them.
I've paid a little for that.
A piece of paper fell on the ground.
Tom was very sad.
Tom is very rude.
I said stop it!
I said stop it!
Tom is in hiding.
I hope you win.
I hope you win.
I hope you win.
I hate my hair.
I've got a gun.
Tom is a trucker.
Tom is a warrior.
Tom is a referee.
You'll need it.
You'll need it.
You'll need it.
You'll need it.
You'll need it.
You'll need it.
You will learn.
You tricked us.
You tricked us.
You didn't pay.
Tom stretched his legs.
We're staying at another hotel.
You're the only person I trust.
Tom said that he didn't want to go to bed.
Tom works nearby.
Just sign this.
Just sign this.
I knew Tom couldn't dance.
I don't like paying taxes.
I don't like long journeys.
We're extremely concerned about that.
Tom didn't need any sort of help.
Tom is chatting with his friends.
Everyone nodded in agreement.
Your secret's safe.
I'm a civilian.
I lost control.
I didn't argue.
Hide the money.
Come on inside.
Mr. Ricardo is a very good teacher.
When he met the lady, he raised his hat.
You made your mother cry.
I smoked when I was young.
Bring her here.
Bring her here.
Bring him here.
Bring him here.
Can you manage?
Can you manage?
I have posted a translation.
They trust you.
Wake me around seven o'clock.
Wake me around seven o'clock.
Wake me around seven o'clock.
Wake me around seven o'clock.
We'll find out.
We needed help.
We trusted you.
We trusted you.
Does Tom put sugar in his tea?
I love you, he whispered into her ear.
Your muscles are very tense.
I should've kissed her when I had the chance.
Your muscles are very tense.
Your muscles are very tense.
Add a spoonful of sugar.
You can't beat everyone.
The moon is beautiful.
We're leaving in five minutes.
We're leaving in five minutes.
We're leaving in five minutes.
We're not talking about today.
He never really got over it.
The war has not ended.
The world is changing.
We can't allow that to happen.
We still have so much to learn.
The gun wasn't loaded.
That's very, very sad.
We're so lucky.
I should've kissed him when I had the chance.
Did you enjoy the exhibition?
Tom wrote down his phone number.
I think Tom was hiding something.
Tom interrupted our conversation.
You're a thief.
Tom will sign it.
Tom will sign it.
You're unlucky.
You're useless.
You're useless.
Hatred is our enemy.
You were great.
I cried myself to sleep last night.
Do your mum and dad have the same surname?
Let's play cards instead of watching television.
Mr. Yamada gives us a lot of homework every day.
The children in the house stood round the stove; for they wanted to see the paper burn.
We'd better not get caught.
Hey, what are you doing?
Hey, what are you doing?
Hey, what are you doing?
Hey, what are you doing?
We both went to the concert.
We both went to the concert.
We both went to the concert.
We both went to the concert.
We had no chance of winning.
Boys are better than girls at mathematics.
Tom made some mistakes.
We must learn to work together.
You're the one who kissed me.
You're the one who kissed me.
You should ask Tom those questions.
Let's make sure.
This is really not the time.
I hope the new version comes out soon.
I hope Tom doesn't mind.
There's no chance of winning.
We hit a deer.
I narrowly escaped being hit by a car.
Tom demanded his money back.
There is no bus service after nine-thirty.
We restore antique furniture.
Tom fell asleep during the concert.
Tom sometimes wears a hat.
We are leaving Japan next month.
Tom didn't play well.
Tickets are available here.
I got bad news from home today.
Not everyone can hear you.
Not everyone can hear you.
Can I trust Tom?
Tom won the bet.
We have too much bad luck.
Everybody wanted to dance.
Did you dance by yourself?
Did you dance by yourself?
I've learned a lot since then.
We learned a lot of things.
Why don't you take a seat?
Don't be cruel.
Don't be cruel.
Don't be cruel.
Don't be cruel.
Don't be cruel.
Don't be cruel.
Don't be cruel.
Tom usually reads the newspapers while he's eating breakfast.
You're not the only one who uses this computer.
Please leave a message after the beep.
Tom woke up in the hospital.
I would hate to be in his shoes right now.
Come down here!
Come down here!
Tom looked great.
I have a stupid question.
He has left us.
Let's find out.
I'm the killer.
Are you hiding?
Are you hiding?
I held my breath.
How did you learn to dance?
How did you learn to dance?
I didn't think Tom would dance.
Mary gave Tom a shovel for his birthday.
Aren't you tired of doing this?
Aren't you tired of doing this?
Tom decided to become a pilot.
Many people make that mistake.
I'd like to ask Tom a question.
We need a little rest.
Tom asked me to carry his suitcase.
Where did you learn to dance?
Where did you learn to dance?
Where did you learn to dance?
Where did you learn to dance?
Someone has stolen our clothes.
Someone has stolen our clothes.
Someone has stolen our clothes.
I know Tom won't want to dance.
Tom is very worried about the kids.
Tom is very worried about the kids.
Don't ask me to dance again.
Don't ask me to dance again.
Tom locked his dog in the bathroom.
I held my breath for as long as I could.
Who taught you how to swim?
Who taught you how to swim?
We accept your challenge.
The cause of death is yet to be determined.
Pass the salt.
Pass the sugar, please.
Pass the salt, please.
Pass the sugar, please.
Pass the sugar, please.
Pick up your clothes.
I don't like this brand of ketchup.
Pick up your clothes.
Careful! It's a hot plate.
I rarely eat meat.
I urgently need a job.
Didn't I warn you not to go there?
Didn't I warn you not to go there?
Didn't I warn you not to go there?
Didn't I warn you not to go there?
I don't dance anymore.
I don't like dancing.
The police ordered the suspect to drop his gun.
We're still active.
Tom drives a BMW.
Tom drives a Ford.
He drives a truck.
He trusted you.
It's your duty.
I have a truck.
I'm not very good at this. "Neither am I."
Tom has retired.
Up to 75 percent of the mass of the atmosphere is in the troposphere.
We spent the evening laughing and telling jokes.
It's getting light. Morning is coming.
I believe that you'll win.
I believe that you'll win.
I believe that you'll win.
I noticed the difference.
Don't you have better things to do?
Don't you have better things to do?
I don't think I'll dance.
Why did you sign the confession?
Why did you sign the confession?
She didn't seem to mind.
He didn't seem to mind.
Tom didn't seem to mind.
I have no desire to dance.
I fell asleep around 2:30.
Didn't I warn you not to drink that?
Didn't I warn you not to drink that?
Tom was on time.
Tom was on time.
I told him that was ridiculous.
I told you that was ridiculous.
I told you that was ridiculous.
I told them that was ridiculous.
I told him that was ridiculous.
I told her that was ridiculous.
You didn't have to leave.
You didn't have to leave.
I'll teach you how to sing.
I'll teach you how to sing.
I told her to wear a hat.
She hugged him.
Tom was present.
I'm so unlucky!
Don't touch it.
Don't touch it.
I already know how to dance.
When will you get married?
You changed it?
You changed it?
You changed it?
You changed it?
Tom was anxious.
Tom was unlucky.
Tom's very nice.
How lucky I am!
Go to the park.
Go to the park.
Go to the park.
Go to the park.
Go to the park.
I hope no one saw me dancing.
I hope no one saw me dancing.
I don't recommend doing that.
I don't really want to dance.
Tom wants to own a restaurant.
Tom escaped to Australia.
I try to set a good example.
I know why Tom doesn't want to dance.
The murderer took the weapon with him.
I still don't believe I won.
I still don't believe I won.
I don't think Tom knows how to dance.
I hope you follow my advice.
I hope you follow my advice.
I pulled as hard as I could.
Tom was wrong about that, too.
I advise you not to help Tom anymore.
I advise you not to help Tom anymore.
I'll never ask you this question again.
I'll never ask you this question again.
Tom seems to be a nice fellow.
I don't have time to help now.
I don't feel like dancing now.
Tom smiled and shook his head.
The killer's identity is still unknown.
How dare you do this!
How dare you do this!
How dare you do that to me!
How dare you do that to me!
How dare you call me a fool!
How dare you call me a fool!
How dare you call me stupid!
How dare you call me stupid!
How dare you say that to me!
How dare you say that to me!
How dare you use me like this!
How dare you use me like this!
How dare you doubt me!
How dare you doubt me!
How dare you doubt me!
How dare you doubt me!
How dare you speak to me that way!
How dare you speak to me that way!
How dare you speak like that to me!
How dare you speak like that to me!
How dare you speak to me that way!
How dare you speak to me that way!
How dare you say such things about me!
How dare you say such things about me!
How dare you talk to my son like that!
How dare you talk to my son like that!
How dare you treat me like a criminal!
How dare you treat me like a criminal!
How dare you enter my house without permission!
How dare you enter my house without permission!
How dare you enter my house without permission!
How dare you enter my house without permission!
How dare you tell me what I should or shouldn't do!
How dare you tell me what I should or shouldn't do!
How dare you tell me what I should or shouldn't do!
How dare you tell me what I should or shouldn't do!
How dare you tell me what I should or shouldn't do!
How dare you tell me what I should or shouldn't do!
It took a long time to analyze the data.
It took a long time to analyze the data.
How many computers did you say you had?
How many computers did you say you had?
How many computers did you say you had?
Tom put the key into the lock.
He is proud of being a musician.
I hate doing things like this.
Can I sit here?
Who broke this?
Tom isn't rude.
Carry this.
Carry this.
What does Tom eat for breakfast?
We can't wait for the weekend.
It's not gold.
Tom likes all kinds of sports.
There's something wrong with the engine.
We will fight.
Don't look up.
Don't look up.
I've just returned from a trip.
They hate you.
Why should we wait till marriage?
Tom grabbed the dog by the scruff of the neck.
Tom gets good marks in French.
The police don't think it was an accident.
Don't waste your time trying to help Tom.
Don't waste your time trying to help Tom.
How am I going to protect my children now?
Try not to worry too much.
Try not to worry too much.
Try not to worry too much.
Try not to worry too much.
I'm bad at keeping secrets.
I managed to get there in time.
I managed to get there in time.
I don't have a radio.
I'm sure Tom is suffering.
I'm sure Tom is suffering.
I told Tom that I didn't know how to dance.
I get this question all the time.
Tom doesn't want to go to bed.
Was Tom the one who taught you how to dance?
However, it is a direct translation of the Japanese version.
They slept under the stars.
We slept under the stars.
I'll miss the English class today.
I paid good money for this.
I can teach you how to fish.
I can teach you how to shoot.
How much are these apples?
I got the house number wrong.
I paid good money for this.
You should have woken me up.
I haven't even unpacked my stuff.
It never dawned on me that I would be a suspect.
I will stay at the hotel for now.
I'm proud to have him as a friend.
Put this on.
The good news is that you don't have cancer.
I have no intention of dancing.
I don't trust either one of them.
I guess some things never change.
I check my mailbox almost every day.
I don't worry about those things.
How can I gain weight?
Tom didn't complain, did he?
That's not something I would joke about.
That's not something I would joke about.
That's not something I would joke about.
That's not something I would joke about.
That's not something to joke about.
Tom pointed out our mistakes.
East Timor is called "Timor Lorosa'e" in Tetum.
I live from paycheck to paycheck.
Everybody knew there was something terrible going on.
Someone stole my watch.
Read between the lines.
Many people are struggling to keep a roof over their heads.
The punishment must fit the crime.
I bought 24 pencils.
I forgot to give him the message.
Tom didn't even eat any cake.
You're not my assistant.
Dan started a fight with Matt.
Tom set me up on a date.
Tom is retiring next year.
Tom vacuumed the carpet.
Why do men's and women's clothes have buttons on opposite sides?
Tom must be worried.
Tom must be worried.
How did the fight begin?
Tom must have heard our voices and escaped.
It's very hard for me to trust anyone.
Let me take your coats.
The town is dying.
I shouldn't have kissed him.
Electric cars will change the world.
I have to pass this exam.
I do hope you won't be offended.
I have no intention of doing that.
He's a bad ass.
Sit down on that chair and try to calm yourself.
Tom nearly fell overboard.
Stop wasting time.
Tom begins his trip.
He was a fan of wine.
My stepfather hated me.
I've been studying French for three years.
Tom bought a ticket and went in.
The house was dark and silent.
You two look the same.
I sell coffee.
I'll order food.
I should study French.
Tom likes learning French.
Why should I study French?
What are the animals that you can see in this picture?
Tom looked around his room.
I suggest you study French.
I wish I'd kept up my French.
I thought you studied French.
I don't want to learn French.
I've started to learn French.
I skipped French class today.
I've studied French for years.
Tom has begun studying French.
Are you still studying French?
I really want to learn French.
I really want to learn French.
Tom started cursing in French.
I hear you're studying French.
Tom wants them to suffer.
The telephone rang a few minutes later.
The telephone rang a few minutes later.
All of the sugar has fallen to the ground.
Tom injured a co-worker.
Tom injured a co-worker.
Did the policeman speak nonsense?
She's a benevolent witch.
The mail didn't come today.
Both girls started crying.
I can only count on myself.
Why did Tom go to the station?
It's bad news.
That's no lie.
I'm the owner.
I can't pay Tom.
I respect her.
I respect him.
Do you have any idea how serious this is?
Do you have any idea how serious this is?
It's warmer in the house. Let's go inside.
It's warmer in the house. Let's go inside.
It seems that something is wrong with the computer.
Tom was joking.
There's not much more to add.
I'm a fairly fast swimmer.
You have our full support.
Tom is a prince.
Is Tom still up?
Tom promised me that.
I trusted nobody.
I wanted to dance.
I felt like dancing.
I promised Tom I'd wait.
You were rude.
You were rude.
You might win.
You might win.
You might win.
You might win.
You must rest.
You must rest.
You must rest.
Tom smelled gas.
Don't let her drive.
Who hates you?
I hate feeling sorry for myself.
Try to escape.
Try to escape.
Try to escape.
Try to escape.
Now stop that.
Now stop that.
Tom trusted her.
Tom trusted him.
Love is cruel sometimes.
Fate is cruel sometimes.
It's very sad.
It won't open.
It won't open.
It won't open.
It won't open.
It won't open.
It won't open.
It went great.
Tom needed this.
I'm not dying.
It won't open.
Tom isn't armed.
Tom is knocking.
I burned them.
I hate Valentine's Day, too.
Are you dying?
I'm having a problem with my computer.
Are you sure you don't want some juice?
Are you sure you don't want some juice?
Are you sure you don't want some juice?
We'll hide it.
We'll hide it.
We'll need it.
We'll need it.
We'll need it.
I'm texting Tom.
Is Tom fighting?
We tried that.
Tom is retiring.
Tom's suffering.
A huge scandal happened.
Earth's moon is a natural satellite.
That's exactly where you're wrong.
Don't come any closer. If you do, you'll be sorry.
Don't come any closer. If you do, you'll be sorry.
I was worried.
I was worried.
Tom ate all the bread, so there is none left.
Hug me.
I hate myself.
She needs you.
She needs you.
He needs you.
He needs you.
It's a relief.
Is Tom on duty?
I forgive you.
Wake him up.
Wake her up.
Wake them up.
How many flowers are you buying?
Tom hates cats.
Tom is retired.
I'll make a phone call.
Tom looked sad.
Lock the gate.
Tom folded the piece of paper into a crane.
He hugged her.
Tom cut me off.
You're crazy.
Tom is on duty.
Tom dialed 911.
Tom wore a hat.
I'll take him.
Tom is my baby.
Tom is a guard.
Tom is a pilot.
I don't think we can take that risk.
Who broke it?
Who broke it?
She's stupid.
He hates her.
You seem sad.
You seem sad.
You seem sad.
Who got hurt?
Who ran away?
You can rest.
Give me a hug!
Tom is nodding.
Is it broken?
Is it broken?
Is it broken?
Tom didn't win.
I feel awful.
I felt awful.
I almost won.
I almost won.
Is Tom leaving?
They hate me.
We looked up.
Tom is unlucky.
Tom is worried.
They fell and broke their legs.
We're strict.
I'm mistaken.
I'm bleeding.
I go to bed early.
I'm painting.
I'm not an angel.
I'm an actor.
Please don't worry about me.
Please don't worry about me.
That's a fairly reasonable price.
I don't waste time.
Please don't worry about me.
Trust no one.
Trust no one.
Can Tom drive?
Can Tom drive?
Bring my hat.
Tom was brave.
Ice is solid.
I turned on a lamp.
These aren't for sale.
Take me home.
I feel great.
I don't mind.
Is Tom lonely?
Tom sat alone.
I'm driving.
Tom looked up.
Put this on.
Sit with me.
I live in the country at a comfortable distance from Kazan.
I'm on time.
Let Tom leave.
I eat alone.
Count on me.
We stole it.
We stole it.
We both won.
We both won.
We both won.
We both won.
I'm special.
Tom'll manage.
We're crazy.
Tom's yelling.
Don't argue.
Men rarely talk about their problems.
My problem is I don't trust you.
Tom felt weak.
Tom felt weak.
It's a vice.
I'm retired.
There is a library in our city.
Tom is a pig.
OK. I agree.
OK. I agree.
I'm leaving.
Go on board.
The criminal is armed and highly dangerous.
Tom is drawing a picture.
Tom spoke up.
Why bother?
I've tried.
You won.
I was rude.
I thought I knew all his secrets.
I thought I knew all her secrets.
This is moving in the wrong direction.
You worry about your weight too much.
Reading books is important.
Don't jump!
Don't jump!
I'll drive.
Replace it.
Replace it.
Replace it.
That'll do.
I hate you.
He is nice.
He gave blood in order to save his sister.
I know I'm going to learn a lot.
The bear is black.
We've won!
I'm mad.
I'm crazy.
Sign here.
Sign here.
Put it on.
Put it on.
Put it on.
Put it on.
Tom asked us several questions.
I produce music.
You did something incredibly stupid.
You did something incredibly stupid.
Would you trust them?
Would you trust them?
Tom is sad.
I advise you to listen to your doctor.
I advise you to listen to your doctor.
Marry me.
You won.
Lock it.
Lock it.
My wife is worried.
My wife is worried.
Tom won.
Tom promised that he would return soon.
I promised that I would be back soon.
I thought I knew all your secrets.
Did you know there was a secret passage?
Did you know there was a secret passage?
The coffee is great.
You all know I'm not a criminal.
You don't need to do that.
Have you tried this water?
Have you tried this water?
I've decided to study French.
I assume that Tom can't swim.
Everyone is here now.
Do you really think this is worth thirty dollars?
I wish them luck.
I have good reflexes.
I got off the plane.
I am waving at her, but she's not looking.
Some people say that I dance very well.
I threw Tom an apple.
I noticed a change.
I rarely do that.
I like adventures.
I want a new coat.
I've changed the plan.
Keep your hands on the wheel.
I kept it a secret.
I started swearing.
I'll probably win.
Tom is buying food.
I'll win for sure.
Tom is a cruel man.
Put the baby to sleep.
Put the baby to sleep.
I'll take care of the children.
Tom headed south.
Tom was driving.
Tom sang and danced.
We stayed at the most expensive hotel in town.
I caught the thief.
I fooled everybody.
Tom can't sleep without a pillow.
What am I doing? I'm trying to sleep!
Did Tom fight?
Did Tom really dance?
Did Tom get back safely?
Did you let Tom kiss you?
Did Tom ever ask you out?
Did Tom ask you out again?
Did Tom say he was worried?
Did Tom do well on the exam?
Did you suggest that to Tom?
Did you know Tom was lonely?
Did Tom give you a hard time?
Did you know Tom was unhappy?
Did you see where Tom hid it?
Tom warned you that this might happen.
Tom warned you that this might happen.
I did it carefully.
I kept on walking.
I kept on walking.
I drive a truck.
I felt like a fool.
I have a beard now.
I like potatoes.
Tom said he enjoyed the concert.
I like to argue.
I own this land.
Would you want to live forever?
Would you want to live forever?
Would you want to live forever?
I made it on time.
It keeps me up at night.
I'm a family man.
I promised to help.
I opened the cage.
I stirred the soup.
I pulled the rope.
Tom said I looked very sad.
Am I spending too much on clothes?
I ran out of time.
I wrote the report.
I'm nearly blind.
Tom said I looked terrible.
I remained behind.
I boarded the plane.
Did Tom tell you the good news?
Did you tell Tom about the fire?
Did Tom tell you about the fire?
Did you actually see Tom dancing?
Did you even know Tom could dance?
Did you try the cake that Tom baked?
Did Tom eat everything on his plate?
I retired in 2013.
Tom says I eat like a pig.
I began to dance.
I didn't complain.
Tom was just being silly.
I started the car.
Do you know the difference?
Do you know the difference?
I've been warned.
Tom stopped the fight.
I asked questions.
I didn't need it.
I didn't need it.
I didn't need it.
I paid for everything.
I broke the rules.
The prisoners were released.
I'm not lonely anymore.
I was heartbroken.
I can't drive yet.
I pointed this out to Tom.
Tom said I looked very tired.
I rarely read magazines.
Tom promised me he'd do that.
Tom will need some support.
Tom would be so proud of you.
Tom would be so proud of you.
Your father would be proud of you.
Your father would be proud of you.
I'm sure your father would be very proud of you.
I'm sure your father would be very proud of you.
I am in pain.
Did you tell Tom about your accident?
Did you tell Tom I was having trouble?
Did Tom say which way he'd be heading?
Did you tell Tom he could borrow your car?
Did Tom tell you about what he saw on the news?
Did Tom tell you how long it took him to do that?
Did Tom tell you when he was going to take his vacation?
You're on the wrong floor.
Guess what happened to me.
Guess what happened to me.
Guess how old I am.
I lifted the lid.
I wasn't arrested.
Sami slept with a gun under his pillow.
He's interested in many things.
I'll remember this evening.
I like the ocean.
I didn't eat much.
I wasn't so lucky.
I wasn't so lucky.
I probably worry too much.
I make furniture.
I went downstairs.
I need furniture.
I woke up at 6:30.
I gave Tom a book.
Tom wears a ring.
I'm the one who stole your money.
This mouse has stopped working.
It's a small library.
It's a huge library.
I'm not that dumb.
I stole the ring.
Take me to Tom.
Please take me to Tom.
I haven't yet been paid for doing that.
I swim very well.
I'm wearing a hat.
I'm wearing a hat.
I admit that I'm the one who stole the money.
I admit that I'm the one who stole the money.
I'm the one who stole your money.
I'm the one who stole the painting.
I'm the one who gave you that.
I'm the one who gave you that.
I'm the one who gave them that.
I'm the one who gave him that.
I'm the one who gave her that.
I'm the one who gave Tom that hat.
I'm the one who gave Tom that hat.
I'm the one who paid for the tickets.
My children refuse to eat fish.
I'll try to do it as fast as I can.
I'm deaf.
I'm needy.
I'm needy.
I'm tough.
I'm tough.
I'm a cop.
I'm rested.
I'm rested.
I'm humble.
I'm humble.
I'm a temp.
I'm a wimp.
I'm starving.
Money can change a person in a few minutes.
I want a new hat.
I have three cows.
I want to escape.
We are three lonely women.
Women have the right to choose.
Women have the right to choose.
I refuse to leave.
I refuse to leave.
Please tell me you're not serious.
I unfolded the map.
I'm not likely to win.
I went to the park.
I went to the park.
I won the election.
I won the election.
I went back inside.
I was very worried.
I can survive this.
I cooked Tom dinner.
I fell back asleep.
I drank some juice.
I'm sure I'll regret this.
I have a long beard.
I folded the newspaper and put it into my briefcase.
I folded the newspaper and put it into my briefcase.
I can hear your heart beating.
Tom has decided to have the operation.
Not so fast, young man!
The bags to your left are mine.
The bags to your left are mine.
That's real gold.
How many people did you invite to your wedding?
Tom paid for the tickets.
I paid for the tickets.
Tom is the one who paid for the tickets.
I said goodbye to Tom.
Give my regards to Tom.
I don't like swimming very much.
He can pass for white.
Lectures take place frequently.
I don't consider myself an idiot.
I told Tom a secret.
I'm not very lucky.
Throw the papers in the basket.
I was worried, too.
I hardly ever complain.
I scored thirty points.
He was an awful president.
Women should have their faces visible.
I've never flown in a plane.
I've never flown in a plane.
I'm never going to love you.
I don't believe in angels.
I soon fell asleep.
I was just unlucky.
All men are the same.
All men are the same.
Look at that girl.
Look at that girl.
Your mother would be proud of you.
Your mother would be proud of you.
Your mother would be proud of you.
Your mother would be proud of you.
Your father would be proud of you.
Your father would be proud of you.
Tom ate all the popcorn.
I can't remember the last time I went on a date.
I can't remember the last time I went on a date.
I can't remember the last time I had a date.
Tom was tired but happy.
Shut up and eat.
Shut up and eat.
They buy from us.
Is everyone equal?
I don't want to worry her.
I don't want to worry him.
I'll pick you up around seven.
I'll pick you up around seven.
I'll pick you up.
I'll pick you up.
I will pick you up around six.
I will pick you up around six.
I'll pick you up tomorrow evening at 6:30.
I'll pick you up tomorrow evening at 6:30.
I rarely complain.
I'm resting now.
Tom warned me about that.
Women shouldn't have to cover their faces.
Why don't you ever ask simple questions?
Why don't you go inside?
Why don't you follow his example?
Why don't you follow his example?
Why don't you follow her example?
Why don't you follow her example?
Why don't you follow his example?
Why don't you follow his example?
Why don't you follow her example?
Why don't you follow her example?
I'd recommend not doing that.
I'd recommend doing that.
Have you thought about what time of year you want to start your journey?
Where do you usually buy clothes?
Where do you usually buy clothes?
Where do you keep your passport?
Where do you keep your medicine?
We are arguing with the neighbors.
I was born blind.
I don't have any reason not to trust Tom.
Tom looks just like you did when you were his age.
Tom dangled his feet in the water.
Tom has probably run away again.
You can count on me, Tom.
I dialed 911.
You wouldn't like to be called stupid, would you?
You wouldn't like to be called stupid, would you?
I'm also very well versed in the movies.
Where is the fat located?
I'm retired.
I'm not sad.
I'm an addict.
I'm grounded.
I'm creative.
I'm horrible.
I'm horrible.
I'm done for.
I'm out here.
I'm off duty.
I never regretted doing that.
Do you really think we have a chance to win?
Do you really think we have a chance to win?
A knight without a lady was like a tree without leaves.
Tom asked me to come inside.
Who's the idiot that did this?
I'm a member.
Tom often asks silly questions.
I warned you what might happen.
I warned you what might happen.
Tom buys me anything I want.
People ask me that question all the time.
Tom plans to retire in October.
I don't plan to retire until I'm 65.
I'm retiring in October.
I think Tom needs a vacation.
Tom wanted to drive, but since he was drunk, Mary wouldn't let him.
Tom rarely goes out anymore.
How did you know where Tom hid his key?
How did you know where Tom hid his key?
Luck's on my side today.
We've had complaints from our neighbors.
He eats non-stop.
Tom will definitely do that.
Why haven't you brought me here before?
Why haven't you brought me here before?
Why haven't you brought me here before?
Why haven't you brought me here before?
We have no place to keep all this food.
How many computers do you have at home?
I need to pay.
Someone has to pay.
Do you know where Tom bought his new computer?
Tom spent the night in a hotel.
I don't have any secrets.
What's the evidence?
Now I feel threatened.
This hat is too big for you.
We need a new lamp.
I'm a hunter.
I'm doubtful.
I'm tired now.
I'm tired now.
I'm miserable.
I'm not proud.
Tom loves to argue with people.
I rarely wear a hat.
My jaw hurts.
We made a lot of noise.
Tom is very unhappy with you.
I was very proud of that.
I was very proud of that.
I was very proud of that.
Are you sure you want to throw that away?
Are you sure you want to throw that away?
Are you sure you want to throw that away?
You didn't turn in your homework.
You didn't turn in your homework.
You didn't turn in your homework.
You didn't turn in your homework.
I have no more secrets.
I opened the closet.
I opposed that idea.
I opposed that idea.
I pushed the button.
I rarely wear a tie.
I can't drive a car.
I changed direction.
You'll probably win.
You'll probably win.
I seldom go to bars.
I could change that.
I continued texting.
I'm just an amateur.
I doubt her words.
You can smell the ocean from here.
I wasn't complaining about that.
He must have stacked them up against the wall.
He must have stacked them up against the wall.
Do you mind if I sit on the floor?
I just don't understand young people today.
Tom wasn't given a chance.
Sports are my hobby.
I hate snow.
How many more years do you plan to live here?
How many more years do you plan to live here?
Tom says he doesn't enjoy watching sports on TV.
Well, what did you find out?
Well, what did you find out?
Hey, be careful with that!
Hey, be careful with that!
I couldn't do that even if I tried.
I'm going aboard.
I'm not asking you any questions.
I'm not asking you any questions.
I'm not asking you any questions.
I'm not asking you any questions.
Do you really want to marry me?
Do you really want to marry me?
Do you really want to marry him?
Do you really want to marry him?
Do you want to marry him?
Do you want to marry him?
Do you want to marry me?
Do you want to marry me?
I don't know anything about political science.
I hate sweets.
I need a new hat.
I need new pants.
The house needs repairs.
That house needs repairs.
That house needs repairs.
Her house needs repairs.
Her house needs repairs.
His house needs repairs.
His house needs repairs.
My house needs repairs.
My house needs repairs.
Should we buy it?
Should we buy it?
It's a pretty expensive lamp.
How much does that lamp cost?
You said you had important news.
You said you had important news.
You said you had important news.
We have a new leader.
Tom didn't wear a suit.
I hate my apartment.
I hate my house.
I hate this village.
I hate this city.
That's a terrible book.
Tom usually wears a tie at work.
Tom usually wears a tie at work.
What kind of idiot would do such a thing?
She claims that she'll start the report tomorrow.
We're losing control of the situation.
Tom goes to bed at the same time every evening.
I'm replacing the light bulb.
Do you use solar panels?
Do you use solar panels?
She stole it.
She stole it.
He stole it.
He stole it.
They stole it.
They stole it.
Who stole it?
Who stole it?
He stole my stuff.
My stuff was stolen.
My stuff was stolen.
I hope no one steals my stuff.
I hope no one steals my stuff.
Translating is my passion.
This house needs repairs.
Look at that swamp.
Look at that swamp.
Philately is my passion.
He was killed by a bear.
This word is clearly of Germanic origin.
It's a Germanic word.
My neighbors hate me.
I don't know how to fish.
Do you know how to fish?
Do you know how to fish?
I use solar panels.
I have solar panels.
My English is terrible.
My German is terrible.
My German is terrible.
My English is terrible.
Buy the full version.
It took a while for Tom to respond.
I have some checks for Tom to sign.
I'm going to the concert tomorrow.
My Russian is terrible.
It's a Germanic name.
It's a Japanese name.
It's a Chinese name.
We inherit our genes from our parents.
These people are idiots.
It's a wonder you're not in jail.
It's a wonder you're not in jail.
It's too bad you're leaving.
It's too bad you're leaving.
It's such a shame you're leaving.
It's such a shame you're leaving.
A lie is often easier to believe than the truth.
We have to find out what's in the box.
We have to find out what's in the box.
This is an extremely difficult language.
Keep it at a lower temperature.
Keep it at a lower temperature.
The Second World War isn't over yet.
Everyone dies sooner or later.
Guess how old I am.
Switzerland has several official languages.
She is going to have a baby this month.
They all looked up.
I wasn't born blind.
I wasn't born blind.
We may win this time.
Herring tastes good with potatoes.
The doctor says that I'll never be able to swim again.
This is terrible. And it's all my fault.
This is terrible. And it's all my fault.
Don't worry. She'll come to her senses sooner or later.
Don't worry. She'll come to her senses sooner or later.
It sounds like you're having a good time.
It sounds like you're having a good time.
I'm proud of you, son.
He kissed her shoulder.
Let me clear the table.
Let me clear the table.
Go away! I hate you!
Go away! I hate you!
Tom touched my elbow.
The play stopped for technical reasons.
I've been detained.
I'm always on time.
Do you smell gas?
Jamal arrived in a taxi.
You shouldn't have sold your old car.
You shouldn't have sold your old car.
I always thought Tom could swim.
I always thought Tom could swim.
Jack is very severe with his children.
I want to drink a cup of tea.
Let's go to a concert together.
The policeman wrested a gun from the murderer.
I don't have enough RAM.
Why hasn't this ever happened before?
It's a pity that Tom is leaving.
How much to do we have to pay?
Tom always does the right thing.
Tell me again why we're here.
If you want to kiss me, then kiss me.
We tried to fight.
I suspect they're all gone.
I don't know what happened to my ring.
Sports is one of my favorite topics.
I feel a little awkward.
I'm beginning to doubt it.
Tom told everyone that he'd passed the exam.
No man is an island.
Let's figure this out.
Tom rarely comes home so early.
I've never eaten raw fish.
I've never eaten raw fish.
I think we need to change our plans.
I think we need to change our plans.
That's the reason we have to fight.
Be careful not to fall asleep.
Be careful not to fall asleep.
I read the word several times, but couldn't remember it.
How serious are these threats?
Tom leaned forward a bit.
Tom leaned forward a bit.
I think there's still a chance Tom will get here on time.
Hey, what're you hiding behind your back?
Are you sure you don't mind if I leave?
Tom is in an awful mood.
I don't know how to express my gratitude.
Tom just got a great job.
We've had a great week.
I disagree with this completely.
I might need your help.
Tom will regret it sooner or later.
The train leaves at nine.
I want to talk to you about this report.
I heard you are going to get married.
I heard you are going to get married.
I heard you are going to get married.
I heard you are going to get married.
I don't give second chances.
I may need your help tomorrow.
I may need your help tomorrow.
Do you know who they arrested?
Do you know who they arrested?
I should've warned you.
I should've warned you.
I should've warned you.
I should've warned you.
I bought a new computer.
I bought a new computer.
I don't know how to handle it.
We were so worried about you.
When did you pass the exam?
Tom told everyone that he passed the exam.
Tom made a few phone calls.
We're still discussing that.
How exactly was Tom killed?
As far as I know, Tom is retired.
As far as I know, Tom is happy.
Tom turned up the heat.
I'll eat my hat if she turns up on time.
Tom promised to come, but he hasn't turned up yet.
Tom asked me three questions.
How big is your garden?
I had a great vacation.
When does your trip begin?
I'm not proud of my behavior.
I didn't like you at first.
I didn't like you at first.
When was the last time you had a vacation?
I didn't like them at first.
When was the last time you had a vacation?
When was the last time you had a vacation?
I didn't like him at first.
I didn't like her at first.
He went to the conference.
The river flows into the sea.
Airplanes fly above us.
How could I have been so wrong?
I've been retired for quite a while.
Tom is a better swimmer than me.
How are you going to prove that we did that?
How are you going to prove that we did that?
How are you going to prove that we did that?
How are you going to prove that we did that?
We must learn to respect each other.
Did you write down the number?
Did you write down the number?
Did you write down the number?
They're special.
You've taught me a lot.
You've taught me a lot.
You've taught me a lot.
It was a big explosion.
Hand in your homework by next Monday.
Tom grabbed his briefcase and left.
We managed to get there on time.
I don't have any pencils.
They should pay me.
The odds are two to one.
I'm not worried about it.
Sometimes you have to take chances.
Tom went hiking.
Let's assume Tom is right.
Let's assume Tom is right.
Tom is experienced.
I suppose you'll be needing this.
I'm drinking juice.
We went to the dance.
The train was full of passengers.
Tell me all the details.
How long have you been retired?
How long have you been retired?
I only ask that you give me a chance.
I only ask that you give me a chance.
Tom is watching the news.
You look like as if you just escaped from prison.
I seldom do that.
I'm almost certain that we can trust Tom.
Tom is at the post office.
I walked upstairs.
Hey, is everything all right?
Tom seldom listens to music at home.
Tom seldom listens to music at home.
I promised not to tell anybody.
It's a big achievement.
I will go regardless of the weather.
Here are some details.
He is earning twice my salary.
I won the bet.
I won the bet.
Tom is an experienced sailor.
Do animals have a soul and do they go to heaven?
I always felt like she was hiding something.
I've got secrets.
I only made three mistakes.
I only made three mistakes.
Do you want me to guess?
Do you want me to guess?
Do you want me to guess?
Do you want me to guess?
Do you want me to translate?
Do you want me to translate?
Do you want me to translate?
Do you want me to translate?
I hear Tom is very good at swimming.
I hear Tom is very good at swimming.
You're just wasting our time.
I asked the same question again.
I asked the same question again.
Tom isn't wearing a belt.
Children should be taught to speak the truth.
I put on a tie.
Tom checked his notes.
My father could swim well when he was young.
I don't plan to change that.
Tom always gets up at six-thirty.
You're going to love our food.
He left the restaurant without paying.
Little children like to touch everything.
I don't agree with this.
I don't agree with this.
Are you staying at this hotel?
Are you staying at this hotel?
Are you staying at this hotel?
Everyone was shocked by the news.
Tom was extremely intelligent.
Have you written your report?
Have you written your report?
How much was your new computer?
How much have you paid for this computer?
No one likes to be called an idiot.
Tom ordered the most expensive thing on the menu.
What is your profession?
How do they manage to find time to do that?
How well do you know your kids?
How well do you know your kids?
Tom tried not to make a sound.
He advised her not to go.
He advised her not to go.
He advised her not to go.
He advised him not to go.
He advised him not to go.
He advised him not to go.
He advised him not to go.
She advised her not to go.
She advised her not to go.
She advised her not to go.
She advised her not to go.
She advised him not to go.
She advised him not to go.
She advised him not to go.
Have you checked your calculations?
Have you checked your calculations?
Have you checked your calculations?
My brothers protect me.
I want a new computer.
People complain too much.
Sometimes it seems that everybody hates me.
She taught me everything I know.
Vacation? What's that?
When will this all end?
The bench is wooden.
The car stopped in the middle of the road.
Our library is on the third floor.
I paid.
I paid.
I swim.
Tom wanted something else to do.
How are you going to prove that?
How are you going to prove that?
How are you going to prove that?
How are you going to prove that?
How can you ask such a question?
How can you ask such a question?
Spending time in forest is good for you.
She looked at me like I was crazy.
Tom looked at me like I was crazy.
Tom looked at me like I was crazy.
How fast do you usually drive?
What should I do if I encounter a bear?
The moon is very bright tonight.
I think Tom didn't trust me.
My sister has a good command of both English and French.
There's always a choice.
Tom looked around the empty room.
Your eggs are getting cold.
You probably think I'm an idiot.
Tom fell asleep right away.
I totally agree on that.
I totally agree on that.
I totally agree on that.
Not all Americans speak English as their mother tongue.
The water is flowing.
Tom told me it was stolen.
I'm making breakfast now.
She cooked a special dinner for him.
Man can't live without dreams.
Tom usually reads the newspaper while eating breakfast.
Children can't swim in this river.
I knew I wasn't crazy.
I didn't want to come, but I had no choice.
I didn't want to come, but I had no choice.
Did you really eat everything?
Did you really eat everything?
Did you really eat everything?
Did you really eat everything?
Did you really eat everything?
Did you really eat everything?
Did you really eat everything?
Did you really eat everything?
Did you really eat everything?
We've changed that.
We've changed that.
Our supplies won't last forever.
Look what I found in our basement.
Look what I found in our basement.
I think you're a great guy but…
My mother gave it to me.
My mother gave it to me.
My dad gave it to me.
My dad gave it to me.
He asked me to marry him.
I refuse to answer your question.
We pulled the teeth out.
We ask everyone that same question.
How much do you trust what Tom says?
How much do you trust what Tom says?
There's nothing to complain about.
My boyfriend thinks I'm crazy.
We're fighting.
This element is rare on earth.
We must send people to the Moon.
There is a rumor that she got married.
Hey, I was going to call you.
Hey, I was going to call you.
Hey, I was going to call you.
Hey, I was going to call you.
Tom started a bar fight.
We must trust each other, Tom.
I don't want to know who kissed you.
I don't want to know who kissed you.
They organized a political party.
We had our vacation at the lake.
Tom owned a ranch.
I've made a lot of mistakes in my life.
You have no cause for anger.
You have no cause for anger.
I paid a lot of money for these tickets.
I paid a lot of money for these tickets.
Tom, I disagree with you.
Tom, I disagree with you.
I expect to be back by 2:30.
We're asking the questions.
I'd never marry someone like that.
Is something wrong with the helicopter?
Why do you hate your country so much?
It's time to feed the dog.
We mistook him for an American.
That's my favorite brand.
They took my children away from me.
The temperature here stays more or less the same all year round.
Who are you selling your car to?
Who are you selling your car to?
Tom has decided to swim every day.
I don't trust my government.
Tom is clearly hiding something.
I know our team won't win.
Tom went to bed, but he didn't fall asleep.
My knowledge of Japanese is rather poor.
Tom is a living legend.
You will pay for what you've done.
How many times has Tom gone camping?
I just want a vacation.
You've left me no choice.
That's exactly what I would advise.
I have two grandchildren.
It is time for kids to go to sleep.
Do you like Chinese food?
Do you see the entrance of the park?
Do you see the entrance of the park?
Tom wasn't the one who advised me to do this.
He buys flowers for his girlfriend.
We don't have the money to pay Tom.
The train isn't leaving.
I'm trying to figure out how to do that.
She was right and he was wrong.
I'd like to drink another cup of coffee.
Let's assume that Tom is right.
What have you done to change that?
What have you done to change that?
It was obvious that Tom didn't want to leave.
How do you manage to find time to do that?
How do you manage to find time to do that?
How do you manage to find time to do that?
How do you manage to find time to do that?
Why are you getting married again?
Why are you getting married again?
Tom talked nonstop for a full hour.
I hate this film.
Why are we discussing this?
I'm trying not to fall asleep.
I saw him coming upstairs.
I saw him coming upstairs.
Can you find out?
Tom will be able to drive a car soon.
Tom took a taxi to the station.
We'll try to make a good impression.
It's amazing I'm still alive.
It's amazing I'm still alive.
Is it true that Tom kissed you?
This water has a bad smell.
Tom apparently lost his passport.
I hate losing money.
I ordered a beer.
Is Tom the one who taught you how to do that?
Is Tom the one who taught you how to do that?
Is Tom the one who taught you how to do that?
Is Tom the one who taught you how to do that?
Is Tom the one who taught you how to do that?
Tom spends too much money on books.
Tom spends too much money on books.
Tom sings well, but he can't dance.
Tom always did the right thing.
How can you even joke about that?
How can you even joke about that?
My mother was a wonderful person.
My mother was a wonderful person.
What are we going to do tomorrow?
I arrived first.
I'm not sure we can trust Tom.
I'm not sure we can trust Tom.
Do you like watching sports?
Do you like watching sports?
I wasn't expecting visitors.
I wasn't expecting visitors.
I just hope Tom doesn't win.
I just hope Tom doesn't win.
Tom has agreed to pay us three hundred dollars.
I can't reveal my source.
Tom spent his whole life in Australia.
I've already taken out the trash.
I've already taken out the trash.
Tom has started studying French.
I should've written it down.
I should've written it down.
Why don't you turn on the TV?
He knows how to drive a truck.
Tom wasn't able to eat as much he wanted to.
I want to have my breakfast.
If men are wolves then women are devils.
Have you seen my passport?
I don't have time to deal with this.
I don't have time to argue.
I don't have time to talk.
I don't have time to explain everything.
I don't have time to play games.
Tom doesn't like to sing sad songs.
Tom said he didn't want to leave.
Don't worry. These things happen.
Don't worry. These things happen.
Do you think I'm protecting her?
Do you think I'm protecting her?
Do you think I'm protecting him?
Do you think I'm protecting him?
Did I call at a bad time?
Someone tore a page out from the book.
Stop singing this song.
I don't like other people touching my things.
I'm not going to make the same mistake again.
And then he kissed her.
And then she kissed him.
Tom buys me things that I want.
How long have you had this fever?
How long have you had this fever?
Tom is fighting, isn't he?
How many questions did you ask Tom?
How many questions did you ask Tom?
How much are you prepared to pay?
How much are you prepared to pay?
Tom can't have passed the exam.
I think you don't understand the difference.
I think you don't understand the difference.
Tom continued reading the book.
Tom continued reading the book.
Tom claims that you stole them.
Tom claims that you stole them.
Is it possible to buy potatoes here?
Can you see the picture?
Why is the computer so slow?
Did you have time to write it down?
I could not write it down.
To love is to live twice.
They dance all night.
I write with my left hand because it's more convenient for me.
Where did you burn them?
Where did you burn them?
I wasn't sure whether Tom was joking or not.
I want Tom to sing at our wedding.
Tom couldn't find his way back.
I had no idea it would put you to so much trouble.
I had no idea it would put you to so much trouble.
How reliable is this information?
I always knew Tom was an idiot.
The meeting is to be held next week.
Time drags slowly.
The train leaves at six o'clock.
The wound was bleeding heavily.
We do not use force unless necessary.
Give them my regards.
Give them my regards.
Poland is a neighbor of Ukraine.
You do not have to pile all in one heap.
I don't like learning several languages at the same time.
The engine runs as smooth as butter.
